<b>Bridgedschema</b>
Consider the case where the older data has two categories (cash and card). In the new
schema, the card category is now much more granular (gift card, debit card, credit
card). What we do know is that a transaction coded as “card” in the old data would
have been one of these types but the actual type was not recorded. It’s possible to
bridge the schema probabilistically or statically. The static method is what we recom‐
mend, but it is easier to understand if we walk through the probabilistic method first.
<b>Probabilisticmethod.</b> Imagine that we estimate from the newer training data that of
the card transactions, 10% are gift cards, 30% are debit cards, and 60% are credit
cards. Each time an older training example is loaded into the trainer program, we
could choose the card type by generating a uniformly distributed random number in
the range [0, 100) and choosing a gift card when the random number is less than 10, a
debit card if it is in [10, 40), and a credit card otherwise. Provided we train for
enough epochs, any training example would be presented as all three categories, but
proportional to the actual frequency of occurrence. The newer training examples, of
course, would always have the actually recorded category.
The justification for the probabilistic approach is that we treat each older example as
having happened hundreds of times. As the trainer goes through the data, in each
epoch, we simulate one of those instances. In the simulation, we expect that 10% of
the time that a card was used, the transaction would have occurred with a gift card.
That’s why we pick “gift card” for the value of the categorical input 10% of the time.
This is, of course, simplistic—just because gift cards are used 10% of the time overall,
it is not the case that gift cards will be used 10% of the time for any specific transac‐
tion. As an extreme example, maybe taxi companies disallow use of gift cards on air‐
port trips, and so a gift card is not even a legal value for some historical examples.
However, in the absence of any extra information, we will assume that the frequency
distribution is the same for all the historical examples.
<b>Staticmethod.</b> Categorical variables are usually one-hot encoded. If we follow the
probabilistic approach above and train long enough, the average one-hot encoded
value presented to the training program of a “card” in the older data will be [0, 0.1,
0.3, 0.6]. The first 0 corresponds to the cash category. The second number is 0.1
because 10% of the time, on card transactions, this number will be 1 and it will be
zero in all other cases. Similarly, we have 0.3 for debit cards and 0.6 for credit cards.
To bridge the older data into the newer schema, we can transform the older categori‐
cal data into this representation where we insert the a priori probability of the new
classes as estimated from the training data. The newer data, on the other hand, will
have [0, 0, 1, 0] for a transaction that is known to have been paid by a debit card.
We recommend the static method over the probabilistic method because it is effec‐
tively what happens if the probabilistic method runs for long enough. It is also much