The ML life cycle consists of three stages, as shown in Figure 8-2: discovery, develop‐
ment, and deployment. There is a canonical order to the individual steps of each
stage. However, these steps are completed in an iterative manner and earlier steps
may be revisited depending on the outcomes and insights gathered from later stages.
<b>Discovery</b>
Machine learning exists as a tool to solve a problem. The discovery stage of an ML
project begins with defining the business use case (Step 1 of Figure 8-2). This is a cru‐
cial time for business leaders and ML practitioners to align on the specifics of the
problem and develop an understanding of what ML can and cannot do to achieve
that goal.
It is important to keep sight of the business value through each stage of the life cycle.
Many choices and design decisions must be made throughout the various stages, and
often there is no single “right” answer. Rather, the best option is determined by how
the model will be used in support of the business goal. While a feasible goal for a
research project could be to eke out 0.1% more accuracy on a benchmark dataset, this
is not acceptable in industry. For a production model built for a corporate organiza‐
tion, success is governed by factors more closely tied to the business, like improving
customer retention, optimizing business processes, increasing customer engagement,
or decreasing churn rates. There could also be indirect factors related to the business
use case that influence development choices, like speed of inference, model size, or
model interpretability. Any machine learning project should begin with a thorough
understanding of the business opportunity and how a machine learning model can
make a tangible improvement on current operations.
A successful discovery stage requires collaboration between the business domain
experts as well as machine learning experts to assess the viability of an ML approach.
It is crucial to have someone who understands the business and the data collaborat‐
ing with teams that understand the technical challenges and the engineering effort
that would be involved. If the overall investment of development resources outweighs
the value to the organization, then it is not a worthwhile solution. It is possible that
the technical overhead and cost of resources for productionization exceed the benefit
provided by a model that ultimately improves churn prediction by only 0.1%. Or
maybe not. If an organization’s customer base has 1 billion people, then 0.1% is still 1
million happier customers.
During the discovery phase, it is important to outline the business objectives and
scope for the task. This is also the time to determine which metrics will be used to
measure or define success. Success can look different for different organizations, or
even within different groups of the same organization. See, for example, the discus‐
sion on multiple objectives in “Common Challenges in Machine Learning” on page
11 in Chapter 1. Creating well-defined metrics and key performance indicators