operations around training and deploying those models. ML engineers help build
production systems to handle updating models, model versioning, and serving pre‐
dictions to end users.
The smaller the data science team at a company and the more agile the team is, the
more likely it is that the same person plays multiple roles. If you are in such a situa‐
tion, it is very likely that you read the above three descriptions and saw yourself parti‐
ally in all three categories. You might commonly start out a machine learning project
as a data engineer and build data pipelines to operationalize the ingest of data. Then,
you transition to the data scientist role and build the ML model(s). Finally, you put
on the ML engineer hat and move the model to production. In larger organizations,
machine learning projects may move through the same phases, but different teams
might be involved in each phase.
Research scientists, data analysts, and developers may also build and use AI models,
but these job roles are not a focus audience for this book.
<i>Research</i> <i>scientists</i> focus primarily on finding and developing new algorithms to
advance the discipline of ML. This could include a variety of subfields within
machine learning, like model architectures, natural language processing, computer
vision, hyperparameter tuning, model interpretability, and more. Unlike the other
roles discussed here, research scientists spend most of their time prototyping and
evaluating new approaches to ML, rather than building out production ML systems.
<i>Data</i> <i>analysts</i> evaluate and gather insights from data, then summarize these insights
for other teams within their organization. They tend to work in SQL and spread‐
sheets, and use business intelligence tools to create data visualizations to share their
findings. Data analysts work closely with product teams to understand how their
insights can help address business problems and create value. While data analysts
focus on identifying trends in existing data and deriving insights from it, data scien‐
tists are concerned with using that data to generate future predictions and in auto‐
mating or scaling out the generation of insights. With the increasing democratization
of machine learning, data analysts can upskill themselves to become data scientists.
<i>Developers</i> are in charge of building production systems that enable end users to
access ML models. They are often involved in designing the APIs that query models
and return predictions in a user-friendly format via a web or mobile application. This
could involve models hosted in the cloud, or models served on-device. Developers
utilize the model serving infrastructure implemented by ML Engineers to build appli‐
cations and user interfaces for surfacing predictions to model users.
Figure 1-2 illustrates how these different roles work together throughout an organiza‐
tion’s machine learning model development process.