The departure time was an example of a skewed feature. In an imbalanced classifica‐
tion problem (such as fraud detection, where the number of fraud examples is quite
small), we might want to stratify the dataset by the label and split each stratification
evenly. This is also important if we have a multilabel problem and some of the labels
are rarer than others. These are discussed in “Design Pattern 10: Rebalancing ” on
page 122 in Chapter 3.
<b>Unstructureddata</b>
Although we have focused in this section on structured data, the same principles
apply to unstructured data such as images, video, audio, or free-form text as well. Just
use the metadata to carry out the split. For example, if videos taken on the same day
are correlated, use a video’s capture date from its metadata to split the videos among
independent datasets. Similarly, if text reviews from the same person tend to be cor‐
user_id
related, use the Farm Fingerprint of the of the reviewer to repeatedly split
reviews among the datasets. If the metadata is not available or there is no correlation
between instances, encode the image or video using Base64 encoding and compute
the fingerprint of the encoding.
A natural way to split text datasets might be to use the hash of the text itself for split‐
ting. However, this is akin to a random split and does not address the problem of cor‐
relations between reviews. For example, if a person uses the word “stunning” a lot in
their negative reviews or if a person rates all Star Wars movies as bad, their reviews
are correlated. Similarly, a natural way to split image or audio datasets might be to
use the hash of the filename for splitting, but it does not address the problem of
correlations between images or videos. It is worth thinking carefully about the best
way to split a dataset. In our experience, many problems with poor performance of
ML can be addressed by designing the data split (and data collection) with potential
correlations in mind.
When computing embeddings or pre-training autoencoders, we should make sure to
first split the data and perform these pre-computations on the training dataset only.
Because of this, splitting should not be done on the embeddings of the images, vid‐
eos, or text unless these embeddings were created on a completely separate dataset.