<b>Usingimageswithmetadata.</b>
Earlier we discussed different types of metadata that
might be associated with text, and how to extract and represent this metadata as tab‐
ular features for our model. We can also apply this concept to images. To do this, let’s
return to the example referenced in Figure 2-19 of a model using footage of an inter‐
section to predict whether or not it contains a traffic violation. Our model can extract
many patterns from the traffic images on their own, but there may be other data
available that could improve our model’s accuracy. For example, maybe certain
behavior (e.g., a right turn on red) is not permitted during rush hour but is OK at
other times of day. Or maybe drivers are more likely to violate traffic laws in bad
weather. If we’re collecting image data from multiple intersections, knowing the loca‐
tion of our image might also be useful to our model.
We’ve now identified three additional tabular features that could enhance our image
model:
• Time of day
• Weather
• Location
Next, let’s think about possible representations for each of these features. We could
represent time as an integer indicating the <i>hour</i> of the day. This might help us iden‐
tify patterns associated with high-traffic times like rush hour. In the context of this
model, it may be more useful to know whether or not it was dark when the image was
taken. In this case, we could represent time as a boolean feature.
Weather can also be represented in various ways, as both numeric and categorical
values. We could include temperature as a feature, but in this case, visibility might be
more useful. Another option for representing weather is through a categorical vari‐
able indicating the presence of rain or snow.
If we’re collecting data from many locations, we’d likely want to encode this as a fea‐
ture as well. This would make most sense as a categorical feature, and could even be
multiple features (city, country, state, etc.) depending on how many locations we’re
collecting footage from.
For this example, let’s say we’d like to use the following tabular features:
• Time as hour of the day (integer)
• Visibility (float)
• Inclement weather (categorical: rain, snow, none)
• Location ID (categorical with five possible locations)
Here’s what a subset of this dataset might look like for the three examples: