The next step (Step 5 in Figure 8-2) of the development stage is focused on building
the ML model. During this development step, it is crucial to adhere to best practices
of capturing ML workflows in a pipeline: see “Design Pattern 25: Workflow Pipeline”
on page 282 in Chapter 6. This includes creating repeatable splits for training/valida‐
tion/test sets before any model development has begun to ensure there is no data
leakage. Different model algorithms or combinations of algorithms may be trained to
assess their performance on the validation set and to examine the quality of their pre‐
dictions. Parameter and hyperparameters are tuned, regularization techniques are
employed, and edge cases are explored. The typical ML model training loop is
described in detail at the beginning of Chapter 4 where we also address useful design
patterns for changing the training loop to attain specific objectives.
Many steps of the ML life cycle are iterative, and this is particularly true during
model development. Many times, after some experimentation, it may be necessary to
revisit the data, business objectives, and KPIs. New data insights are gleaned during
the model development stage and these insights can shed additional light on what is
possible (and what is not possible). It is not uncommon to spend a long time in the
model development phase, particularly when developing a custom model. Chapter 6
addresses many other reproducibility design patterns that address challenges that
arise during this iterative phase of model development.
Throughout development of the model, each new adjustment or approach is meas‐
ured against the evaluation metrics that were set in the discovery stage. Hence, suc‐
cessful execution of the discovery stage is crucial, and it is necessary to have
alignment on the decisions made during that stage. Ultimately, model development
culminates in a final evaluation step (Step 6 of Figure 8-2). At this point, model
development ceases and the model performance is assessed against those predeter‐
mined evaluation metrics.
One of the key outcomes of the development stage is to interpret and present results
(Step 7 of Figure 8-2) to the stakeholders and regulatory groups within the business.
This high-level evaluation is crucial and necessary to communicate the value of the
development stage to management. This step is focused on creating numbers and vis‐
uals for initial reports that will be brought to stakeholders within the organization.
Chapter 7 discusses some of the common design patterns that ensure AI is being used
responsibly and can help with stakeholder management. Typically, this is a key deci‐
sion point in determining if further resources will be devoted to the final stage of the
life cycle, machine learning productionization and deployment.
<b>Deployment</b>
Assuming successful completion of the model development and evidence of promis‐
ing results, the next stage is focused on productionization of the model, with the first
step (Step 8 in Figure 8-2) being to plan for deployment.