(CNN) -- Usain Bolt rounded off the world championships Sunday by claiming his
third gold in Moscow as he anchored Jamaica to victory in the men's 4x100m
relay.
The fastest man in the world charged clear of United States rival Justin Gatlin
as the Jamaican quartet of Nesta Carter, Kemar Bailey-Cole, Nickel Ashmeade and
Bolt won in 37.36 seconds.
The U.S finished second in 37.56 seconds with Canada taking the bronze after
Britain were disqualified for a faulty handover.
GPT2
Nesta, the fastest man in the world.
Gatlin, the most successful Olympian ever.
Kemar, a Jamaican legend.
Shelly-Ann, the fastest woman ever.
Bolt, the world's greatest athlete.
The team sport of pole vaulting
T5
usain bolt wins his third gold medal of the world championships in the men's
4x100m relay .
the 26-year-old anchored Jamaica to victory in the event in the Russian capital
.
he has now collected eight gold medals at the championships, equaling the record
.
BART
Usain Bolt wins his third gold of the world championships in Moscow.
Bolt anchors Jamaica to victory in the men's 4x100m relay.
The 26-year-old has now won eight gold medals at world championships.
Jamaica's women also win gold in the relay, beating France in the process.
PEGASUS
Usain Bolt wins third gold of world championships.
Anchors Jamaica to victory in men's 4x100m relay.
Eighth gold at the championships for Bolt.
Jamaica also win women's 4x100m relay .
The first thing we notice by looking at the model outputs is that the summary gener‐
ated by GPT-2 is quite different from the others. Instead of giving a summary of the
text, it summarizes the characters. Often the GPT-2 model “hallucinates” or invents
facts, since it was not explicitly trained to generate truthful summaries. For example,
at the time of writing, Nesta is not the fastest man in the world, but sits in ninth place.
Comparing the other three model summaries against the ground truth, we see that
there is remarkable overlap, with PEGASUS’s output bearing the most striking
resemblance.
Now that we have inspected a few models, let’s try to decide which one we would use
in a production setting. All four models seem to provide qualitatively reasonable
results, and we could generate a few more examples to help us decide. However, this
is not a systematic way of determining the best model! Ideally, we would define a