                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 14-5. Applying two different filters to get two feature maps
                                                                      
          Stacking Multiple Feature Maps                              
                                                                      
          Up to now, for simplicity, I have represented the output of each convolutional layer as
          a 2D layer, but in reality a convolutional layer has multiple filters (you decide how
          many) and outputs one feature map per filter, so it is more accurately represented in
          3D (see Figure 14-6). It has one neuron per pixel in each feature map, and all neurons
          within a given feature map share the same parameters (i.e., the same weights and bias
          term). Neurons in different feature maps use different parameters. A neuron’s recep‐
          tive field is the same as described earlier, but it extends across all the previous layers’
          feature maps. In short, a convolutional layer simultaneously applies multiple trainable
          filters to its inputs, making it capable of detecting multiple features anywhere in its
          inputs.                                                     
                   The fact that all neurons in a feature map share the same parame‐
                   ters dramatically reduces the number of parameters in the model.
                   Once the CNN has learned to recognize a pattern in one location, it
                   can recognize it in any other location. In contrast, once a regular
                   DNN has learned to recognize a pattern in one location, it can rec‐
                   ognize it only in that particular location.        
                                                                      
          Input images are also composed of multiple sublayers: one per color channel. There
          are typically three: red, green, and blue (RGB). Grayscale images have just one
                                                                      