                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
            max_pool = keras.layers.MaxPool2D(pool_size=2)            
                                                                      
          To create an average pooling layer, just use AvgPool2D instead of MaxPool2D. As you
          might expect, it works exactly like a max pooling layer, except it computes the mean
          rather than the max. Average pooling layers used to be very popular, but people
          mostly use max pooling layers now, as they generally perform better. This may seem
          surprising, since computing the mean generally loses less information than comput‐
          ing the max. But on the other hand, max pooling preserves only the strongest fea‐
          tures, getting rid of all the meaningless ones, so the next layers get a cleaner signal to
          work with. Moreover, max pooling offers stronger translation invariance than average
          pooling, and it requires slightly less compute.             
          Note that max pooling and average pooling can be performed along the depth dimen‐
          sion rather than the spatial dimensions, although this is not as common. This can
          allow the CNN to learn to be invariant to various features. For example, it could learn
          multiple filters, each detecting a different rotation of the same pattern (such as hand-
          written digits; see Figure 14-10), and the depthwise max pooling layer would ensure
          that the output is the same regardless of the rotation. The CNN could similarly learn
          to be invariant to anything else: thickness, brightness, skew, color, and so on.
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 14-10. Depthwise max pooling can help the CNN learn any invariance
                                                                      
                                                                      