                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 14-28. Skip layers recover some spatial resolution from lower layers
                                                                      
          Once again, many GitHub repositories provide TensorFlow implementations of
          semantic segmentation (TensorFlow 1 for now), and you will even find pretrained
          instance segmentation models in the TensorFlow Models project. Instance segmenta‐
          tion is similar to semantic segmentation, but instead of merging all objects of the
          same class into one big lump, each object is distinguished from the others (e.g., it
          identifies each individual bicycle). At present, the instance segmentation models
          available in the TensorFlow Models project are based on the Mask R-CNN architec‐
          ture, which was proposed in a 2017 paper:34 it extends the Faster R-CNN model by
          additionally producing a pixel mask for each bounding box. So not only do you get a
          bounding box around each object, with a set of estimated class probabilities, but you
          also get a pixel mask that locates pixels in the bounding box that belong to the object.
          As you can see, the field of Deep Computer Vision is vast and moving fast, with all
          sorts of architectures popping out every year, all based on convolutional neural net‐
          works. The progress made in just a few years has been astounding, and researchers
          are now focusing on harder and harder problems, such as adversarial learning (which
          attempts to make the network more resistant to images designed to fool it), explaina‐
          bility (understanding why the network makes a specific classification), realistic image
          generation (which we will come back to in Chapter 17), and single-shot learning (a sys‐
          tem that can recognize an object after it has seen it just once). Some even explore
          completely novel architectures, such as Geoffrey Hinton’s capsule networks35 (I pre‐
          sented them in a couple of videos, with the corresponding code in a notebook). Now
          on to the next chapter, where we will look at how to process sequential data such as
          time series using recurrent neural networks and convolutional neural networks.
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          34 Kaiming He et al., “Mask R-CNN,” arXiv preprint arXiv:1703.06870 (2017).
          35 Geoffrey Hinton et al., “Matrix Capsules with EM Routing,” Proceedings of the International Conference on
           Learning Representations (2018).                           