                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          object detection (classifying multiple objects in an image and placing bounding boxes
          around them) and semantic segmentation (classifying each pixel according to the
          class of the object it belongs to).                         
                                                                      
          The Architecture of the Visual Cortex                       
                                                                      
          David H. Hubel and Torsten Wiesel performed a series of experiments on cats in
          19581 and 19592 (and a few years later on monkeys3), giving crucial insights into the
          structure of the visual cortex (the authors received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or
          Medicine in 1981 for their work). In particular, they showed that many neurons in
          the visual cortex have a small local receptive field, meaning they react only to visual
          stimuli located in a limited region of the visual field (see Figure 14-1, in which the
          local receptive fields of five neurons are represented by dashed circles). The receptive
          fields of different neurons may overlap, and together they tile the whole visual field.
          Moreover, the authors showed that some neurons react only to images of horizontal
          lines, while others react only to lines with different orientations (two neurons may
          have the same receptive field but react to different line orientations). They also
          noticed that some neurons have larger receptive fields, and they react to more com‐
          plex patterns that are combinations of the lower-level patterns. These observations
          led to the idea that the higher-level neurons are based on the outputs of neighboring
          lower-level neurons (in Figure 14-1, notice that each neuron is connected only to a
          few neurons from the previous layer). This powerful architecture is able to detect all
          sorts of complex patterns in any area of the visual field.  
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          1 David H. Hubel, “Single Unit Activity in Striate Cortex of Unrestrained Cats,” The Journal of Physiology 147
           (1959): 226–238.                                           
          2 David H. Hubel and Torsten N. Wiesel, “Receptive Fields of Single Neurons in the Cat’s Striate Cortex,” The
           Journal of Physiology 148 (1959): 574–591.                 
          3 David H. Hubel and Torsten N. Wiesel, “Receptive Fields and Functional Architecture of Monkey Striate Cor‐
           tex,” The Journal of Physiology 195 (1968): 215–243.       