                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          but not through Y and Y ). Moreover, since the same parameters W and b are used
                     (0) (1)                                          
          at each time step, backpropagation will do the right thing and sum over all time steps.
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 15-5. Backpropagation through time                   
                                                                      
          Fortunately, tf.keras takes care of all of this complexity for you—so let’s start coding!
          Forecasting a Time Series                                   
                                                                      
          Suppose you are studying the number of active users per hour on your website, or the
          daily temperature in your city, or your company’s financial health, measured quar‐
          terly using multiple metrics. In all these cases, the data will be a sequence of one or
          more values per time step. This is called a time series. In the first two examples there
          is a single value per time step, so these are univariate time series, while in the financial
          example there are multiple values per time step (e.g., the company’s revenue, debt,
          and so on), so it is a multivariate time series. A typical task is to predict future values,
          which is called forecasting. Another common task is to fill in the blanks: to predict (or
          rather “postdict”) missing values from the past. This is called imputation. For exam‐
          ple, Figure 15-6 shows 3 univariate time series, each of them 50 time steps long, and
          the goal here is to forecast the value at the next time step (represented by the X) for
          each of them.                                               
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      