                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                  CHAPTER 18          
                                                                      
                                Reinforcement    Learning             
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Reinforcement Learning (RL) is one of the most exciting fields of Machine Learning
          today, and also one of the oldest. It has been around since the 1950s, producing many
          interesting applications over the years,1 particularly in games (e.g., TD-Gammon, a
          Backgammon-playing program) and in machine control, but seldom making the
          headline news. But a revolution took place in 2013, when researchers from a British
          startup called DeepMind demonstrated a system that could learn to play just about
          any Atari game from scratch,2 eventually outperforming humans3 in most of them,
          using only raw pixels as inputs and without any prior knowledge of the rules of the
          games.4 This was the first of a series of amazing feats, culminating in March 2016
          with the victory of their system AlphaGo against Lee Sedol, a legendary professional
          player of the game of Go, and in May 2017 against Ke Jie, the world champion. No
          program had ever come close to beating a master of this game, let alone the world
          champion. Today the whole field of RL is boiling with new ideas, with a wide range of
          applications. DeepMind was bought by Google for over $500 million in 2014.
          So how did DeepMind achieve all this? With hindsight it seems rather simple: they
          applied the power of Deep Learning to the field of Reinforcement Learning, and it
          worked beyond their wildest dreams. In this chapter we will first explain what
                                                                      
                                                                      
          1 For more details, be sure to check out Richard Sutton and Andrew Barto’s book on RL, Reinforcement Learn‐
           ing: An Introduction (MIT Press).                          
          2 Volodymyr Mnih et al., “Playing Atari with Deep Reinforcement Learning,” arXiv preprint arXiv:1312.5602
           (2013).                                                    
          3 Volodymyr Mnih et al., “Human-Level Control Through Deep Reinforcement Learning,” Nature 518 (2015):
           529–533.                                                   
          4 Check out the videos of DeepMind’s system learning to play Space Invaders, Breakout, and other video games
           at https://homl.info/dqn3.                                 