                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 18-1. Reinforcement Learning examples: (a) robotics, (b) Ms. Pac-Man, (c) Go
          player, (d) thermostat, (e) automatic trader5               
                                                                      
          Note that there may not be any positive rewards at all; for example, the agent may
          move around in a maze, getting a negative reward at every time step, so it had better
          find the exit as quickly as possible! There are many other examples of tasks to which
          Reinforcement Learning is well suited, such as self-driving cars, recommender sys‐
          tems, placing ads on a web page, or controlling where an image classification system
          should focus its attention.                                 
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          5 Image (a) is from NASA (public domain). (b) is a screenshot from the Ms. Pac-Man game, copyright Atari
           (fair use in this chapter). Images (c) and (d) are reproduced from Wikipedia. (c) was created by user Stever‐
           tigo and released under Creative Commons BY-SA 2.0. (d) is in the public domain. (e) was reproduced from
           Pixabay, released under Creative Commons CC0.              