                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                     Always set an alarm to remind yourself to turn services off
                     when you know you will only need them for a few hours, or
                     else you might leave them running for days or months, incur‐
                     ring potentially significant costs.              
                                                                      
           5. Now that you have a GCP account with billing activated, you can start using the
            services. The first one you will need is Google Cloud Storage (GCS): this is where
            you will put the SavedModels, the training data, and more. In the navigation
            menu, scroll down to the Storage section, and click Storage → Browser. All your
            files will go in one or more buckets. Click Create Bucket and choose the bucket
            name (you may need to activate the Storage API first). GCS uses a single world‐
            wide namespace for buckets, so simple names like “machine-learning” will most
            likely not be available. Make sure the bucket name conforms to DNS naming
            conventions, as it may be used in DNS records. Moreover, bucket names are pub‐
            lic, so do not put anything private in there. It is common to use your domain
            name or your company name as a prefix to ensure uniqueness, or simply use a
            random number as part of the name. Choose the location where you want the
            bucket to be hosted, and the rest of the options should be fine by default. Then
            click Create.                                             
           6. Upload the my_mnist_model folder you created earlier (including one or more
            versions) to your bucket. To do this, just go to the GCS Browser, click the bucket,
            then drag and drop the my_mnist_model folder from your system to the bucket
            (see Figure 19-4). Alternatively, you can click “Upload folder” and select the
            my_mnist_model folder to upload. By default, the maximum size for a SavedMo‐
            del is 250 MB, but it is possible to request a higher quota.
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
            Figure 19-4. Uploading a SavedModel to Google Cloud Storage
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      