                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Using the Prediction Service                                
                                                                      
          Under the hood, AI Platform just runs TF Serving, so in principle you could use the
          same code as earlier, if you knew which URL to query. There’s just one problem: GCP
          also takes care of encryption and authentication. Encryption is based on SSL/TLS,
          and authentication is token-based: a secret authentication token must be sent to the
          server in every request. So before your code can use the prediction service (or any
          other GCP service), it must obtain a token. We will see how to do this shortly, but
          first you need to configure authentication and give your application the appropriate
          access rights on GCP. You have two options for authentication:
           • Your application (i.e., the client code that will query the prediction service) could
            authenticate using user credentials with your own Google login and password.
            Using user credentials would give your application the exact same rights as on
            GCP, which is certainly way more than it needs. Moreover, you would have to
            deploy your credentials in your application, so anyone with access could steal
            your credentials and fully access your GCP account. In short, do not choose this
            option; it is only needed in very rare cases (e.g., when your application needs to
            access its user’s GCP account).                           
                                                                      
           • The client code can authenticate with a service account. This is an account that
            represents an application, not a user. It is generally given very restricted access
            rights: strictly what it needs, and no more. This is the recommended option.
          So, let’s create a service account for your application: in the navigation menu, go to
          IAM & admin → Service accounts, then click Create Service Account, fill in the form
          (service account name, ID, description), and click Create (see Figure 19-7). Next, you
          must give this account some access rights. Select the ML Engine Developer role: this
          will allow the service account to make predictions, and not much more. Optionally,
          you can grant some users access to the service account (this is useful when your GCP
          user account is part of an organization, and you wish to authorize other users in the
          organization to deploy applications that will be based on this service account or to
          manage the service account itself). Next, click Create Key to export the service
          account’s private key, choose JSON, and click Create. This will download the private
          key in the form of a JSON file. Make sure to keep it private!
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      