                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          JupyterLab (this is an alternative web interface to run Jupyter notebooks). Once the
          VM is created, scroll down the navigation menu to the Artificial Intelligence section,
          then click AI Platform → Notebooks. Once the Notebook instance appears in the list
          (this may take a few minutes, so click Refresh once in a while until it appears), click
          its Open JupyterLab link. This will run JupyterLab on the VM and connect your
          browser to it. You can create notebooks and run any code you want on this VM, and
          benefit from its GPUs!                                      
                                                                      
          But if you just want to run some quick tests or easily share notebooks with your col‐
          leagues, then you should try Colaboratory.                  
          Colaboratory                                                
                                                                      
          The simplest and cheapest way to access a GPU VM is to use Colaboratory (or Colab,
          for short). It’s free! Just go to https://colab.research.google.com/ and create a new
          Python 3 notebook: this will create a Jupyter notebook, stored on your Google Drive
          (alternatively, you can open any notebook on GitHub, or on Google Drive, or you can
          even upload your own notebooks). Colab’s user interface is similar to Jupyter’s, except
          you can share and use the notebooks like regular Google Docs, and there are a few
          other minor differences (e.g., you can create handy widgets using special comments
          in your code).                                              
          When you open a Colab notebook, it runs on a free Google VM dedicated to that
          notebook, called a Colab Runtime (see Figure 19-11). By default the Runtime is CPU-
          only, but you can change this by going to Runtime → “Change runtime type,” select‐
          ing GPU in the “Hardware accelerator” drop-down menu, then clicking Save. In fact,
          you could even select TPU! (Yes, you can actually use a TPU for free; we will talk
          about TPUs later in this chapter, though, so for now just select GPU.)
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      