                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 19-6. Creating a new model version on Google Cloud AI Platform
                                                                      
          Congratulations, you have deployed your first model on the cloud! Because you
          selected automatic scaling, AI Platform will start more TF Serving containers when
          the number of queries per second increases, and it will load-balance the queries
          between them. If the QPS goes down, it will stop containers automatically. The cost is
          therefore directly linked to the QPS (as well as the type of machine you choose and
          the amount of data you store on GCS). This pricing model is particularly useful for
          occasional users and for services with important usage spikes, as well as for startups:
          the price remains low until the startup actually starts up. 
                                                                      
                   If you do not use the prediction service, AI Platform will stop all
                   containers. This means you will only pay for the amount of storage
                   you use (a few cents per gigabyte per month). Note that when you
                   query the service, AI Platform will need to start up a TF Serving
                   container, which will take a few seconds. If this delay is unaccepta‐
                   ble, you will have to set the minimum number of TF Serving con‐
                   tainers to 1 when creating the model version. Of course, this means
                   at least one machine will run constantly, so the monthly fee will be
                   higher.                                            
          Now let’s query this prediction service!                    
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      