                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 19-11. Colab Runtimes and notebooks                  
                                                                      
          Colab does have some restrictions: first, there is a limit to the number of Colab note‐
          books you can run simultaneously (currently 5 per Runtime type). Moreover, as the
          FAQ states, “Colaboratory is intended for interactive use. Long-running background
          computations, particularly on GPUs, may be stopped. Please do not use Colaboratory
          for cryptocurrency mining.” Also, the web interface will automatically disconnect
          from the Colab Runtime if you leave it unattended for a while (~30 minutes). When
          you reconnect to the Colab Runtime, it may have been reset, so make sure you always
          export any data you care about (e.g., download it or save it to Google Drive). Even if
          you never disconnect, the Colab Runtime will automatically shut down after 12
          hours, as it is not meant for long-running computations. Despite these limitations, it’s
          a fantastic tool to run tests easily, get quick results, and collaborate with your
          colleagues.                                                 
          Managing the GPU RAM                                        
                                                                      
          By default TensorFlow automatically grabs all the RAM in all available GPUs the first
          time you run a computation. It does this to limit GPU RAM fragmentation. This
          means that if you try to start a second TensorFlow program (or any program that
          requires the GPU), it will quickly run out of RAM. This does not happen as often as
          you might think, as you will most often have a single TensorFlow program running
          on a machine: usually a training script, a TF Serving node, or a Jupyter notebook. If
          you need to run multiple programs for some reason (e.g., to train two different mod‐
          els in parallel on the same machine), then you will need to split the GPU RAM
          between these processes more evenly.                        
          If you have multiple GPU cards on your machine, a simple solution is to assign each
          of them to a single process. To do this, you can set the CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES
          environment variable so that each process only sees the appropriate GPU card(s).
          Also set the CUDA_DEVICE_ORDER environment variable to PCI_BUS_ID to ensure that
                                                                      