                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 1-14. Using online learning to handle huge datasets  
                                                                      
          A big challenge with online learning is that if bad data is fed to the system, the sys‐
          tem’s performance will gradually decline. If it’s a live system, your clients will notice.
          For example, bad data could come from a malfunctioning sensor on a robot, or from
          someone spamming a search engine to try to rank high in search results. To reduce
          this risk, you need to monitor your system closely and promptly switch learning off
          (and possibly revert to a previously working state) if you detect a drop in perfor‐
          mance. You may also want to monitor the input data and react to abnormal data (e.g.,
          using an anomaly detection algorithm).                      
          Instance-Based Versus Model-Based Learning                  
                                                                      
          One more way to categorize Machine Learning systems is by how they generalize.
          Most Machine Learning tasks are about making predictions. This means that given a
          number of training examples, the system needs to be able to make good predictions
          for (generalize to) examples it has never seen before. Having a good performance
          measure on the training data is good, but insufficient; the true goal is to perform well
          on new instances.                                           
          There are two main approaches to generalization: instance-based learning and
          model-based learning.                                       
                                                                      
          Instance-based learning                                     
          Possibly the most trivial form of learning is simply to learn by heart. If you were to
          create a spam filter this way, it would just flag all emails that are identical to emails
          that have already been flagged by users—not the worst solution, but certainly not the
          best.                                                       
                                                                      
                                                                      