                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Detecting tumors in brain scans                             
            This is semantic segmentation, where each pixel in the image is classified (as we
            want to determine the exact location and shape of tumors), typically using CNNs
            as well.                                                  
                                                                      
          Automatically classifying news articles                     
            This is natural language processing (NLP), and more specifically text classifica‐
            tion, which can be tackled using recurrent neural networks (RNNs), CNNs, or
            Transformers (see Chapter 16).                            
          Automatically flagging offensive comments on discussion forums
            This is also text classification, using the same NLP tools.
                                                                      
          Summarizing long documents automatically                    
            This is a branch of NLP called text summarization, again using the same tools.
          Creating a chatbot or a personal assistant                  
            This involves many NLP components, including natural language understanding
            (NLU) and question-answering modules.                     
                                                                      
          Forecasting your company’s revenue next year, based on many performance metrics
            This is a regression task (i.e., predicting values) that may be tackled using any
            regression model, such as a Linear Regression or Polynomial Regression model
            (see Chapter 4), a regression SVM (see Chapter 5), a regression Random Forest
            (see Chapter 7), or an artificial neural network (see Chapter 10). If you want to
            take into account sequences of past performance metrics, you may want to use
            RNNs, CNNs, or Transformers (see Chapters 15 and 16).     
          Making your app react to voice commands                     
            This is speech recognition, which requires processing audio samples: since they
            are long and complex sequences, they are typically processed using RNNs, CNNs,
            or Transformers (see Chapters 15 and 16).                 
          Detecting credit card fraud                                 
            This is anomaly detection (see Chapter 9).                
                                                                      
          Segmenting clients based on their purchases so that you can design a different marketing
          strategy for each segment                                   
            This is clustering (see Chapter 9).                       
          Representing a complex, high-dimensional dataset in a clear and insightful diagram
            This is data visualization, often involving dimensionality reduction techniques
            (see Chapter 8).                                          
                                                                      
          Recommending a product that a client may be interested in, based on past purchases
            This is a recommender system. One approach is to feed past purchases (and
            other information about the client) to an artificial neural network (see Chap‐