                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
           9. What is an online learning system?                      
                                                                      
          10. What is out-of-core learning?                           
          11. What type of learning algorithm relies on a similarity measure to make predic‐
            tions?                                                    
          12. What is the difference between a model parameter and a learning algorithm’s
            hyperparameter?                                           
          13. What do model-based learning algorithms search for? What is the most common
            strategy they use to succeed? How do they make predictions?
                                                                      
          14. Can you name four of the main challenges in Machine Learning?
          15. If your model performs great on the training data but generalizes poorly to new
            instances, what is happening? Can you name three possible solutions?
          16. What is a test set, and why would you want to use it?   
          17. What is the purpose of a validation set?                
                                                                      
          18. What is the train-dev set, when do you need it, and how do you use it?
          19. What can go wrong if you tune hyperparameters using the test set?
                                                                      
          Solutions to these exercises are available in Appendix A.   
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      