                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          This model has two model parameters, θ and θ .5 By tweaking these parameters, you
                                  0   1                               
          can make your model represent any linear function, as shown in Figure 1-18.
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 1-18. A few possible linear models                   
                                                                      
          Before you can use your model, you need to define the parameter values θ and θ .
                                                       0   1          
          How can you know which values will make your model perform best? To answer this
          question, you need to specify a performance measure. You can either define a utility
          function (or fitness function) that measures how good your model is, or you can define
          a cost function that measures how bad it is. For Linear Regression problems, people
          typically use a cost function that measures the distance between the linear model’s
          predictions and the training examples; the objective is to minimize this distance.
          This is where the Linear Regression algorithm comes in: you feed it your training
          examples, and it finds the parameters that make the linear model fit best to your data.
          This is called training the model. In our case, the algorithm finds that the optimal
          parameter values are θ = 4.85 and θ = 4.91 × 10–5.          
                       0       1                                      
                   Confusingly, the same word “model” can refer to a type of model
                   (e.g., Linear Regression), to a fully specified model architecture (e.g.,
                   Linear Regression with one input and one output), or to the final
                   trained model ready to be used for predictions (e.g., Linear Regres‐
                   sion with one input and one output, using θ = 4.85 and θ = 4.91 ×
                                          0       1                   
                   10–5). Model selection consists in choosing the type of model and
                   fully specifying its architecture. Training a model means running
                   an algorithm to find the model parameters that will make it best fit
                   the training data (and hopefully make good predictions on new
                   data).                                             
                                                                      
          5 By convention, the Greek letter θ (theta) is frequently used to represent model parameters.