                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
            • h is your system’s prediction function, also called a hypothesis. When your system
              is given an instance’s feature vector x(i), it outputs a predicted value ŷ(i) = h(x(i))
              for that instance (ŷ is pronounced “y-hat”).            
              —For example, if your system predicts that the median housing price in the first
               district is $158,400, then ŷ(1) = h(x(1)) = 158,400. The prediction error for this
               district is ŷ(1) – y(1) = 2,000.                       
            • RMSE(X,h) is the cost function measured on the set of examples using your
              hypothesis h.                                           
                                                                      
           We use lowercase italic font for scalar values (such as m or y(i)) and function names
           (such as h), lowercase bold font for vectors (such as x(i)), and uppercase bold font for
           matrices (such as X).                                      
                                                                      
          Even though the RMSE is generally the preferred performance measure for regression
          tasks, in some contexts you may prefer to use another function. For example, suppose
          that there are many outlier districts. In that case, you may consider using the mean
          absolute error (MAE, also called the average absolute deviation; see Equation 2-2):
                                                                      
            Equation 2-2. Mean absolute error (MAE)                   
                                                                      
                      m                                               
            MAE X,h = 1 ∑ h x i −y i                                  
                    m                                                 
                     i=1                                              
          Both the RMSE and the MAE are ways to measure the distance between two vectors:
          the vector of predictions and the vector of target values. Various distance measures,
          or norms, are possible:                                     
           • Computing the root of a sum of squares (RMSE) corresponds to the Euclidean
            norm: this is the notion of distance you are familiar with. It is also called the ℓ
                                                           2          
            norm, noted ∥ · ∥ (or just ∥ · ∥).                        
                      2                                               
           • Computing the sum of absolutes (MAE) corresponds to the ℓ norm, noted ∥ · ∥ .
                                                1          1          
            This is sometimes called the Manhattan norm because it measures the distance
            between two points in a city if you can only travel along orthogonal city blocks.
           • More generally, the ℓ norm of a vector v containing n elements is defined as ∥v∥
                         k                                 k          
            = (|v |k + |v |k + ... + |v |k)1/k. ℓ gives the number of nonzero elements in the vec‐
               0   1      n   0                                       
            tor, and ℓ gives the maximum absolute value in the vector.
                  ∞                                                   
           • The higher the norm index, the more it focuses on large values and neglects small
            ones. This is why the RMSE is more sensitive to outliers than the MAE. But when
            outliers are exponentially rare (like in a bell-shaped curve), the RMSE performs
            very well and is generally preferred.                     