                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          data about that district. The census data looks like a great dataset to exploit for this
          purpose, since it includes the median housing prices of thousands of districts, as well
          as other data.                                              
                                                                      
          With all this information, you are now ready to start designing your system. First,
          you need to frame the problem: is it supervised, unsupervised, or Reinforcement
          Learning? Is it a classification task, a regression task, or something else? Should you
          use batch learning or online learning techniques? Before you read on, pause and try
          to answer these questions for yourself.                     
          Have you found the answers? Let’s see: it is clearly a typical supervised learning task,
          since you are given labeled training examples (each instance comes with the expected
          output, i.e., the district’s median housing price). It is also a typical regression task,
          since you are asked to predict a value. More specifically, this is a multiple regression
          problem, since the system will use multiple features to make a prediction (it will use
          the district’s population, the median income, etc.). It is also a univariate regression
          problem, since we are only trying to predict a single value for each district. If we were
          trying to predict multiple values per district, it would be a multivariate regression
          problem. Finally, there is no continuous flow of data coming into the system, there is
          no particular need to adjust to changing data rapidly, and the data is small enough to
          fit in memory, so plain batch learning should do just fine. 
                                                                      
                   If the data were huge, you could either split your batch learning
                   work across multiple servers (using the MapReduce technique) or
                   use an online learning technique.                  
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Select a Performance Measure                                
          Your next step is to select a performance measure. A typical performance measure for
          regression problems is the Root Mean Square Error (RMSE). It gives an idea of how
          much error the system typically makes in its predictions, with a higher weight for
          large errors. Equation 2-1 shows the mathematical formula to compute the RMSE.
                                                                      
            Equation 2-1. Root Mean Square Error (RMSE)               
                                                                      
                       m                                              
            RMSE X,h = 1 ∑ h x i −y i 2                               
                     m                                                
                       i=1                                            
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      