                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 2-3. Your workspace in Jupyter                       
                                                                      
          A notebook contains a list of cells. Each cell can contain executable code or formatted
          text. Right now the notebook contains only one empty code cell, labeled “In [1]:”. Try
          typing print("Hello world!") in the cell and clicking the play button (see
          Figure 2-4) or pressing Shift-Enter. This sends the current cell to this notebook’s
          Python kernel, which runs it and returns the output. The result is displayed below the
          cell, and since you’ve reached the end of the notebook, a new cell is automatically cre‐
          ated. Go through the User Interface Tour from Jupyter’s Help menu to learn the
          basics.                                                     
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 2-4. Hello world Python notebook                     
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      