                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
           7. Which Gradient Descent algorithm (among those we discussed) will reach the
            vicinity of the optimal solution the fastest? Which will actually converge? How
            can you make the others converge as well?                 
                                                                      
           8. Suppose you are using Polynomial Regression. You plot the learning curves and
            you notice that there is a large gap between the training error and the validation
            error. What is happening? What are three ways to solve this?
           9. Suppose you are using Ridge Regression and you notice that the training error
            and the validation error are almost equal and fairly high. Would you say that the
            model suffers from high bias or high variance? Should you increase the regulari‐
            zation hyperparameter α or reduce it?                     
          10. Why would you want to use:                              
             a. Ridge Regression instead of plain Linear Regression (i.e., without any regula‐
              rization)?                                              
            b. Lasso instead of Ridge Regression?                     
                                                                      
             c. Elastic Net instead of Lasso?                         
          11. Suppose you want to classify pictures as outdoor/indoor and daytime/nighttime.
            Should you implement two Logistic Regression classifiers or one Softmax Regres‐
            sion classifier?                                          
          12. Implement Batch Gradient Descent with early stopping for Softmax Regression
            (without using Scikit-Learn).                             
                                                                      
          Solutions to these exercises are available in Appendix A.   
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      