                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          equal to ½(∥ w ∥ )2, where ∥ w ∥ represents the ℓ norm of the weight vector.10 For
                    2         2         2                             
          Gradient Descent, just add αw to the MSE gradient vector (Equation 4-6).
                   It is important to scale the data (e.g., using a StandardScaler)
                   before performing Ridge Regression, as it is sensitive to the scale of
                   the input features. This is true of most regularized models.
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 4-17 shows several Ridge models trained on some linear data using different α
          values. On the left, plain Ridge models are used, leading to linear predictions. On the
          right, the data is first expanded using PolynomialFeatures(degree=10), then it is
          scaled using a StandardScaler, and finally the Ridge models are applied to the result‐
          ing features: this is Polynomial Regression with Ridge regularization. Note how
          increasing α leads to flatter (i.e., less extreme, more reasonable) predictions, thus
          reducing the model’s variance but increasing its bias.      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 4-17. A linear model (left) and a polynomial model (right), both with various lev‐
          els of Ridge regularization                                 
                                                                      
          As with Linear Regression, we can perform Ridge Regression either by computing a
          closed-form equation or by performing Gradient Descent. The pros and cons are the
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          10 Norms are discussed in Chapter 2.                        