                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          hyperparameter: if your model is overfitting, you should reduce it; if it is underfitting,
          you should increase it (similar to the C hyperparameter).   
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 5-9. SVM classifiers using an RBF kernel             
                                                                      
          Other kernels exist but are used much more rarely. Some kernels are specialized for
          specific data structures. String kernels are sometimes used when classifying text docu‐
          ments or DNA sequences (e.g., using the string subsequence kernel or kernels based on
          the Levenshtein distance).                                  
                                                                      
                   With so many kernels to choose from, how can you decide which
                   one to use? As a rule of thumb, you should always try the linear
                   kernel first (remember that LinearSVC is much faster than SVC(ker
                   nel="linear")), especially if the training set is very large or if it
                   has plenty of features. If the training set is not too large, you should
                   also try the Gaussian RBF kernel; it works well in most cases. Then
                   if you have spare time and computing power, you can experiment
                   with a few other kernels, using cross-validation and grid search.
                   You’d want to experiment like that especially if there are kernels
                   specialized for your training set’s data structure.
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      