                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 5-1. Large margin classification                     
                                                                      
          Notice that adding more training instances “off the street” will not affect the decision
          boundary at all: it is fully determined (or “supported”) by the instances located on the
          edge of the street. These instances are called the support vectors (they are circled in
          Figure 5-1).                                                
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 5-2. Sensitivity to feature scales                   
                                                                      
                   SVMs are sensitive to the feature scales, as you can see in
                   Figure 5-2: in the left plot, the vertical scale is much larger than the
                   horizontal scale, so the widest possible street is close to horizontal.
                   After feature scaling (e.g., using Scikit-Learn’s StandardScaler),
                   the decision boundary in the right plot looks much better.
          Soft Margin Classification                                  
                                                                      
          If we strictly impose that all instances must be off the street and on the right side, this
          is called hard margin classification. There are two main issues with hard margin clas‐
          sification. First, it only works if the data is linearly separable. Second, it is sensitive to
          outliers. Figure 5-3 shows the iris dataset with just one additional outlier: on the left,
          it is impossible to find a hard margin; on the right, the decision boundary ends up
          very different from the one we saw in Figure 5-1 without the outlier, and it will prob‐
          ably not generalize as well.                                
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      