                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 5-3. Hard margin sensitivity to outliers             
                                                                      
          To avoid these issues, use a more flexible model. The objective is to find a good bal‐
          ance between keeping the street as large as possible and limiting the margin violations
          (i.e., instances that end up in the middle of the street or even on the wrong side). This
          is called soft margin classification.                       
          When creating an SVM model using Scikit-Learn, we can specify a number of hyper‐
          parameters. C is one of those hyperparameters. If we set it to a low value, then we end
          up with the model on the left of Figure 5-4. With a high value, we get the model on
          the right. Margin violations are bad. It’s usually better to have few of them. However,
          in this case the model on the left has a lot of margin violations but will probably gen‐
          eralize better.                                             
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 5-4. Large margin (left) versus fewer margin violations (right)
                                                                      
                   If your SVM model is overfitting, you can try regularizing it by
                   reducing C.                                        
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          The following Scikit-Learn code loads the iris dataset, scales the features, and then
          trains a linear SVM model (using the LinearSVC class with C=1 and the hinge loss
          function, described shortly) to detect Iris virginica flowers:
                                                                      
            import numpy as np                                        
            from sklearn import datasets                              
            from sklearn.pipeline import Pipeline                     