                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 5-6. Linear SVM classifier using polynomial features 
                                                                      
          Polynomial Kernel                                           
                                                                      
          Adding polynomial features is simple to implement and can work great with all sorts
          of Machine Learning algorithms (not just SVMs). That said, at a low polynomial
          degree, this method cannot deal with very complex datasets, and with a high polyno‐
          mial degree it creates a huge number of features, making the model too slow.
          Fortunately, when using SVMs you can apply an almost miraculous mathematical
          technique called the kernel trick (explained in a moment). The kernel trick makes it
          possible to get the same result as if you had added many polynomial features, even
          with very high-degree polynomials, without actually having to add them. So there is
          no combinatorial explosion of the number of features because you don’t actually add
          any features. This trick is implemented by the SVC class. Let’s test it on the moons
          dataset:                                                    
            from sklearn.svm import SVC                               
            poly_kernel_svm_clf = Pipeline([                          
                 ("scaler", StandardScaler()),                        
                 ("svm_clf", SVC(kernel="poly", degree=3, coef0=1, C=5))
               ])                                                     
            poly_kernel_svm_clf.fit(X, y)                             
          This code trains an SVM classifier using a third-degree polynomial kernel. It is repre‐
          sented on the left in Figure 5-7. On the right is another SVM classifier using a 10th-
          degree polynomial kernel. Obviously, if your model is overfitting, you might want to
          reduce the polynomial degree. Conversely, if it is underfitting, you can try increasing
          it. The hyperparameter coef0 controls how much the model is influenced by high-
          degree polynomials versus low-degree polynomials.           
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      