                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 5-7. SVM classifiers with a polynomial kernel        
                                                                      
                   A common approach to finding the right hyperparameter values is
                   to use grid search (see Chapter 2). It is often faster to first do a very
                   coarse grid search, then a finer grid search around the best values
                   found. Having a good sense of what each hyperparameter actually
                   does can also help you search in the right part of the hyperparame‐
                   ter space.                                         
          Similarity Features                                         
                                                                      
          Another technique to tackle nonlinear problems is to add features computed using a
          similarity function, which measures how much each instance resembles a particular
          landmark. For example, let’s take the 1D dataset discussed earlier and add two land‐
          marks to it at x = –2 and x = 1 (see the left plot in Figure 5-8). Next, let’s define the
                   1      1                                           
          similarity function to be the Gaussian Radial Basis Function (RBF) with γ = 0.3 (see
          Equation 5-1).                                              
            Equation 5-1. Gaussian RBF                                
                                                                      
            ϕ x,ℓ = exp                                               
                     −γ∥x−ℓ∥2                                         
             γ                                                        
          This is a bell-shaped function varying from 0 (very far away from the landmark) to 1
          (at the landmark). Now we are ready to compute the new features. For example, let’s
          look at the instance x = –1: it is located at a distance of 1 from the first landmark and
                      1                                               
          2 from the second landmark. Therefore its new features are x = exp(–0.3 × 12) ≈ 0.74
                                             2                        
          and x = exp(–0.3 × 22) ≈ 0.30. The plot on the right in Figure 5-8 shows the trans‐
             3                                                        
          formed dataset (dropping the original features). As you can see, it is now linearly
          separable.                                                  