                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                   CHAPTER 7          
                                                                      
              Ensemble    Learning  and  Random    Forests            
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Suppose you pose a complex question to thousands of random people, then aggregate
          their answers. In many cases you will find that this aggregated answer is better than
          an expert’s answer. This is called the wisdom of the crowd. Similarly, if you aggregate
          the predictions of a group of predictors (such as classifiers or regressors), you will
          often get better predictions than with the best individual predictor. A group of pre‐
          dictors is called an ensemble; thus, this technique is called Ensemble Learning, and an
          Ensemble Learning algorithm is called an Ensemble method.   
          As an example of an Ensemble method, you can train a group of Decision Tree classi‐
          fiers, each on a different random subset of the training set. To make predictions, you
          obtain the predictions of all the individual trees, then predict the class that gets the
          most votes (see the last exercise in Chapter 6). Such an ensemble of Decision Trees is
          called a Random Forest, and despite its simplicity, this is one of the most powerful
          Machine Learning algorithms available today.                
          As discussed in Chapter 2, you will often use Ensemble methods near the end of a
          project, once you have already built a few good predictors, to combine them into an
          even better predictor. In fact, the winning solutions in Machine Learning competi‐
          tions often involve several Ensemble methods (most famously in the Netflix Prize
          competition).                                               
                                                                      
          In this chapter we will discuss the most popular Ensemble methods, including bag‐
          ging, boosting, and stacking. We will also explore Random Forests.
          Voting Classifiers                                          
                                                                      
          Suppose you have trained a few classifiers, each one achieving about 80% accuracy.
          You may have a Logistic Regression classifier, an SVM classifier, a Random Forest
          classifier, a K-Nearest Neighbors classifier, and perhaps a few more (see Figure 7-1).
                                                                      