                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
           7. If your Gradient Boosting ensemble overfits the training set, should you increase
            or decrease the learning rate?                            
                                                                      
           8. Load the MNIST data (introduced in Chapter 3), and split it into a training set, a
            validation set, and a test set (e.g., use 50,000 instances for training, 10,000 for val‐
            idation, and 10,000 for testing). Then train various classifiers, such as a Random
            Forest classifier, an Extra-Trees classifier, and an SVM classifier. Next, try to com‐
            bine them into an ensemble that outperforms each individual classifier on the
            validation set, using soft or hard voting. Once you have found one, try it on the
            test set. How much better does it perform compared to the individual classifiers?
           9. Run the individual classifiers from the previous exercise to make predictions on
            the validation set, and create a new training set with the resulting predictions:
            each training instance is a vector containing the set of predictions from all your
            classifiers for an image, and the target is the image’s class. Train a classifier on
            this new training set. Congratulations, you have just trained a blender, and
            together with the classifiers it forms a stacking ensemble! Now evaluate the
            ensemble on the test set. For each image in the test set, make predictions with all
            your classifiers, then feed the predictions to the blender to get the ensemble’s pre‐
            dictions. How does it compare to the voting classifier you trained earlier?
          Solutions to these exercises are available in Appendix A.   
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      