                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          will likely be close to 1, and there will be few clusters. Finally, the Wishart distribution
          is used to sample covariance matrices: the parameters d and V control the distribu‐
          tion of cluster shapes.                                     
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 9-22. Bayesian Gaussian mixture model                
                                                                      
          Prior knowledge about the latent variables z can be encoded in a probability distribu‐
          tion p(z) called the prior. For example, we may have a prior belief that the clusters are
          likely to be few (low concentration), or conversely, that they are likely to be plentiful
          (high concentration). This prior belief about the number of clusters can be adjusted
          using the weight_concentration_prior hyperparameter. Setting it to 0.01 or 10,000
          gives very different clusterings (see Figure 9-23). The more data we have, however,
          the less the priors matter. In fact, to plot diagrams with such large differences, you
          must use very strong priors and little data.                
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 9-23. Using different concentration priors on the same data results in different
          numbers of clusters                                         
                                                                      
                                                                      