                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 9-7. Bad choices for the number of clusters: when k is too small, separate clusters
          get merged (left), and when k is too large, some clusters get chopped into multiple pieces
          (right)                                                     
                                                                      
          You might be thinking that we could just pick the model with the lowest inertia,
          right? Unfortunately, it is not that simple. The inertia for k=3 is 653.2, which is much
          higher than for k=5 (which was 211.6). But with k=8, the inertia is just 119.1. The
          inertia is not a good performance metric when trying to choose k because it keeps
          getting lower as we increase k. Indeed, the more clusters there are, the closer each
          instance will be to its closest centroid, and therefore the lower the inertia will be. Let’s
          plot the inertia as a function of k (see Figure 9-8).       
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 9-8. When plotting the inertia as a function of the number of clusters k, the curve
          often contains an inflexion point called the “elbow”        
                                                                      
          As you can see, the inertia drops very quickly as we increase k up to 4, but then it
          decreases much more slowly as we keep increasing k. This curve has roughly the
          shape of an arm, and there is an “elbow” at k = 4. So, if we did not know better, 4
          would be a good choice: any lower value would be dramatic, while any higher value
          would not help much, and we might just be splitting perfectly good clusters in half for
          no good reason.                                             
          This technique for choosing the best value for the number of clusters is rather coarse.
          A more precise approach (but also more computationally expensive) is to use the
          silhouette score, which is the mean silhouette coefficient over all the instances. An
                                                                      