                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          "spherical"                                                 
            All clusters must be spherical, but they can have different diameters (i.e., differ‐
            ent variances).                                           
                                                                      
          "diag"                                                      
            Clusters can take on any ellipsoidal shape of any size, but the ellipsoid’s axes must
            be parallel to the coordinate axes (i.e., the covariance matrices must be diagonal).
          "tied"                                                      
            All clusters must have the same ellipsoidal shape, size, and orientation (i.e., all
            clusters share the same covariance matrix).               
                                                                      
          By default, covariance_type is equal to "full", which means that each cluster can
          take on any shape, size, and orientation (it has its own unconstrained covariance
          matrix). Figure 9-18 plots the solutions found by the EM algorithm when cova
          riance_type is set to "tied" or "spherical.”                
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 9-18. Gaussian mixtures for tied clusters (left) and spherical clusters (right)
                                                                      
                   The computational complexity of training a GaussianMixture
                   model depends on the number of instances m, the number of
                   dimensions n, the number of clusters k, and the constraints on the
                   covariance matrices. If covariance_type is "spherical or "diag",
                   it is O(kmn), assuming the data has a clustering structure. If cova
                   riance_type is "tied" or "full", it is O(kmn2 + kn3), so it will not
                   scale to large numbers of features.                
          Gaussian mixture models can also be used for anomaly detection. Let’s see how.
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      