                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 15-10. GRU cell                                      
          The GRU cell is a simplified version of the LSTM cell, and it seems to perform just as
          well12 (which explains its growing popularity). These are the main simplifications:
                                                                      
           • Both state vectors are merged into a single vector h .   
                                          (t)                         
           • A single gate controller z controls both the forget gate and the input gate. If the
                           (t)                                        
            gate controller outputs a 1, the forget gate is open (= 1) and the input gate is
            closed (1 – 1 = 0). If it outputs a 0, the opposite happens. In other words, when‐
            ever a memory must be stored, the location where it will be stored is erased first.
            This is actually a frequent variant to the LSTM cell in and of itself.
           • There is no output gate; the full state vector is output at every time step. How‐
            ever, there is a new gate controller r that controls which part of the previous
                                  (t)                                 
            state will be shown to the main layer (g ).               
                                   (t)                                
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          12 A 2015 paper by Klaus Greff et al., “LSTM: A Search Space Odyssey”, seems to show that all LSTM variants
           perform roughly the same.                                  