                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          number of filters, the kernel size, and the stride. After these convolutional layers, the
          encoding network will optionally apply a sequence of dense layers, if you set the
          fc_layer_params argument: it must be a list containing the number of neurons for
          each dense layer. Optionally, you can also pass a list of dropout rates (one per dense
          layer) via the dropout_layer_params argument if you want to apply dropout after
          each dense layer. The QNetwork takes the output of this encoding network and passes
          it to the dense output layer (with one unit per action).    
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 18-14. Architecture of an encoding network           
                                                                      
                                                                      
                   The QNetwork class is flexible enough to build many different
                   architectures, but you can always build your own network class if
                   you need extra flexibility: extend the tf_agents.networks.Net
                   work class and implement it like a regular custom Keras layer. The
                   tf_agents.networks.Network class is a subclass of the keras.lay
                   ers.Layer class that adds some functionality required by some
                   agents, such as the possibility to easily create shallow copies of the
                   network (i.e., copying the network’s architecture, but not its
                   weights). For example, the DQNAgent uses this to create a copy of
                   the online model.                                  
          Now that we have the DQN, we are ready to build the DQN agent.
          Creating the DQN Agent                                      
                                                                      
          The TF-Agents library implements many types of agents, located in the tf_agents
          .agents package and its subpackages. We will use the tf_agents.agents
          .dqn.dqn_agent.DqnAgent class:                              
                                                                      
                                                                      