                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
           7. What is an off-policy RL algorithm?                     
                                                                      
           8. Use policy gradients to solve OpenAI Gym’s LunarLander-v2 environment. You
            will need to install the Box2D dependencies (python3 -m pip install -U
            gym[box2d]).                                              
           9. Use TF-Agents to train an agent that can achieve a superhuman level at
            SpaceInvaders-v4 using any of the available algorithms.   
          10. If you have about $100 to spare, you can purchase a Raspberry Pi 3 plus some
            cheap robotics components, install TensorFlow on the Pi, and go wild! For an
            example, check out this fun post by Lukas Biewald, or take a look at GoPiGo or
            BrickPi. Start with simple goals, like making the robot turn around to find the
            brightest angle (if it has a light sensor) or the closest object (if it has a sonar sen‐
            sor), and move in that direction. Then you can start using Deep Learning: for
            example, if the robot has a camera, you can try to implement an object detection
            algorithm so it detects people and moves toward them. You can also try to use RL
            to make the agent learn on its own how to use the motors to achieve that goal.
            Have fun!                                                 
                                                                      
          Solutions to these exercises are available in Appendix A.   
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      