                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                  CHAPTER 19          
                                                                      
                   Training  and  Deploying   TensorFlow              
                                                                      
                                          Models   at Scale           
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Once you have a beautiful model that makes amazing predictions, what do you do
          with it? Well, you need to put it in production! This could be as simple as running the
          model on a batch of data and perhaps writing a script that runs this model every
          night. However, it is often much more involved. Various parts of your infrastructure
          may need to use this model on live data, in which case you probably want to wrap
          your model in a web service: this way, any part of your infrastructure can query your
          model at any time using a simple REST API (or some other protocol), as we discussed
          in Chapter 2. But as time passes, you need to regularly retrain your model on fresh
          data and push the updated version to production. You must handle model versioning,
          gracefully transition from one model to the next, possibly roll back to the previous
          model in case of problems, and perhaps run multiple different models in parallel to
          perform A/B experiments.1 If your product becomes successful, your service may start
          to get plenty of queries per second (QPS), and it must scale up to support the load. A
          great solution to scale up your service, as we will see in this chapter, is to use TF Serv‐
          ing, either on your own hardware infrastructure or via a cloud service such as Google
          Cloud AI Platform. It will take care of efficiently serving your model, handle graceful
          model transitions, and more. If you use the cloud platform, you will also get many
          extra features, such as powerful monitoring tools.          
          Moreover, if you have a lot of training data, and compute-intensive models, then
          training time may be prohibitively long. If your product needs to adapt to changes
          quickly, then a long training time can be a showstopper (e.g., think of a news
                                                                      
                                                                      
          1 An A/B experiment consists in testing two different versions of your product on different subsets of users in
           order to check which version works best and get other insights.