                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
           7. Now you need to configure AI Platform (formerly known as ML Engine) so that
            it knows which models and versions you want to use. In the navigation menu,
            scroll down to the Artificial Intelligence section, and click AI Platform → Models.
            Click Activate API (it takes a few minutes), then click “Create model.” Fill in the
            model details (see Figure 19-5) and click Create.         
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
            Figure 19-5. Creating a new model on Google Cloud AI Platform
                                                                      
           8. Now that you have a model on AI Platform, you need to create a model version.
            In the list of models, click the model you just created, then click “Create version”
            and fill in the version details (see Figure 19-6): set the name, description, Python
            version (3.5 or above), framework (TensorFlow), framework version (2.0 if avail‐
            able, or 1.13),6 ML runtime version (2.0, if available or 1.13), machine type
            (choose “Single core CPU” for now), model path on GCS (this is the full path to
            the actual version folder, e.g., gs://my-mnist-model-bucket/my_mnist_model/
            0002/), scaling (choose automatic), and minimum number of TF Serving con‐
            tainers to have running at all times (leave this field empty). Then click Save.
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          6 At the time of this writing, TensorFlow version 2 is not available yet on AI Platform, but that’s OK: you can
           use 1.13, and it will run your TF 2 SavedModels just fine. 