                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 1-2. The Machine Learning approach                   
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 1-3. Automatically adapting to change                
                                                                      
          Another area where Machine Learning shines is for problems that either are too com‐
          plex for traditional approaches or have no known algorithm. For example, consider
          speech recognition. Say you want to start simple and write a program capable of dis‐
          tinguishing the words “one” and “two.” You might notice that the word “two” starts
          with a high-pitch sound (“T”), so you could hardcode an algorithm that measures
          high-pitch sound intensity and use that to distinguish ones and twos—but obviously
          this technique will not scale to thousands of words spoken by millions of very differ‐
          ent people in noisy environments and in dozens of languages. The best solution (at
          least today) is to write an algorithm that learns by itself, given many example record‐
          ings for each word.                                         
          Finally, Machine Learning can help humans learn (Figure 1-4). ML algorithms can be
          inspected to see what they have learned (although for some algorithms this can be
          tricky). For instance, once a spam filter has been trained on enough spam, it can
          easily be inspected to reveal the list of words and combinations of words that it
          believes are the best predictors of spam. Sometimes this will reveal unsuspected