                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
            ter 10), and get it to output the most likely next purchase. This neural net would
            typically be trained on past sequences of purchases across all clients.
                                                                      
          Building an intelligent bot for a game                      
            This is often tackled using Reinforcement Learning (RL; see Chapter 18), which
            is a branch of Machine Learning that trains agents (such as bots) to pick the
            actions that will maximize their rewards over time (e.g., a bot may get a reward
            every time the player loses some life points), within a given environment (such as
            the game). The famous AlphaGo program that beat the world champion at the
            game of Go was built using RL.                            
          This list could go on and on, but hopefully it gives you a sense of the incredible
          breadth and complexity of the tasks that Machine Learning can tackle, and the types
          of techniques that you would use for each task.             
                                                                      
          Types of Machine Learning Systems                           
                                                                      
          There are so many different types of Machine Learning systems that it is useful to
          classify them in broad categories, based on the following criteria:
                                                                      
           • Whether or not they are trained with human supervision (supervised, unsuper‐
            vised, semisupervised, and Reinforcement Learning)        
           • Whether or not they can learn incrementally on the fly (online versus batch
            learning)                                                 
           • Whether they work by simply comparing new data points to known data points,
            or instead by detecting patterns in the training data and building a predictive
            model, much like scientists do (instance-based versus model-based learning)
                                                                      
          These criteria are not exclusive; you can combine them in any way you like. For
          example, a state-of-the-art spam filter may learn on the fly using a deep neural net‐
          work model trained using examples of spam and ham; this makes it an online, model-
          based, supervised learning system.                          
          Let’s look at each of these criteria a bit more closely.    
                                                                      
          Supervised/Unsupervised Learning                            
                                                                      
          Machine Learning systems can be classified according to the amount and type of
          supervision they get during training. There are four major categories: supervised
          learning, unsupervised learning, semisupervised learning, and Reinforcement
          Learning.                                                   
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      