                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Instead of just flagging emails that are identical to known spam emails, your spam
          filter could be programmed to also flag emails that are very similar to known spam
          emails. This requires a measure of similarity between two emails. A (very basic) simi‐
          larity measure between two emails could be to count the number of words they have
          in common. The system would flag an email as spam if it has many words in com‐
          mon with a known spam email.                                
                                                                      
          This is called instance-based learning: the system learns the examples by heart, then
          generalizes to new cases by using a similarity measure to compare them to the
          learned examples (or a subset of them). For example, in Figure 1-15 the new instance
          would be classified as a triangle because the majority of the most similar instances
          belong to that class.                                       
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 1-15. Instance-based learning                        
                                                                      
          Model-based learning                                        
                                                                      
          Another way to generalize from a set of examples is to build a model of these exam‐
          ples and then use that model to make predictions. This is called model-based learning
          (Figure 1-16).                                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 1-16. Model-based learning                           
                                                                      