                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Supervised learning                                         
                                                                      
          In supervised learning, the training set you feed to the algorithm includes the desired
          solutions, called labels (Figure 1-5).                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 1-5. A labeled training set for spam classification (an example of supervised
          learning)                                                   
                                                                      
          A typical supervised learning task is classification. The spam filter is a good example
          of this: it is trained with many example emails along with their class (spam or ham),
          and it must learn how to classify new emails.               
          Another typical task is to predict a target numeric value, such as the price of a car,
          given a set of features (mileage, age, brand, etc.) called predictors. This sort of task is
          called regression (Figure 1-6).1 To train the system, you need to give it many examples
          of cars, including both their predictors and their labels (i.e., their prices).
                                                                      
                   In Machine Learning an attribute is a data type (e.g., “mileage”),
                   while a feature has several meanings, depending on the context, but
                   generally means an attribute plus its value (e.g., “mileage =
                   15,000”). Many people use the words attribute and feature inter‐
                   changeably.                                        
          Note that some regression algorithms can be used for classification as well, and vice
          versa. For example, Logistic Regression is commonly used for classification, as it can
          output a value that corresponds to the probability of belonging to a given class (e.g.,
          20% chance of being spam).                                  
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          1 Fun fact: this odd-sounding name is a statistics term introduced by Francis Galton while he was studying the
           fact that the children of tall people tend to be shorter than their parents. Since the children were shorter, he
           called this regression to the mean. This name was then applied to the methods he used to analyze correlations
           between variables.                                         