                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          ble to be comfortable with the overall process and know three or four algorithms well
          rather than to spend all your time exploring advanced algorithms.
                                                                      
          So, if you have not already done so, now is a good time to pick up a laptop, select a
          dataset that you are interested in, and try to go through the whole process from A to
          Z. A good place to start is on a competition website such as http://kaggle.com/: you
          will have a dataset to play with, a clear goal, and people to share the experience with.
          Have fun!                                                   
          Exercises                                                   
                                                                      
          The following exercises are all based on this chapter’s housing dataset:
                                                                      
           1. Try a Support Vector Machine regressor (sklearn.svm.SVR) with various hyper‐
            parameters, such as kernel="linear" (with various values for the C hyperpara‐
            meter) or kernel="rbf" (with various values for the C and gamma
            hyperparameters). Don’t worry about what these hyperparameters mean for now.
            How does the best SVR predictor perform?                  
                                                                      
           2. Try replacing GridSearchCV with RandomizedSearchCV.     
           3. Try adding a transformer in the preparation pipeline to select only the most
            important attributes.                                     
           4. Try creating a single pipeline that does the full data preparation plus the final
            prediction.                                               
           5. Automatically explore some preparation options using GridSearchCV.
                                                                      
          Solutions to these exercises can be found in the Jupyter notebooks available at https://
          github.com/ageron/handson-ml2.                              
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      