                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                   CHAPTER 2          
                                                                      
                 End-to-End    Machine   Learning   Project           
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          In this chapter you will work through an example project end to end, pretending to
          be a recently hired data scientist at a real estate company.1 Here are the main steps
          you will go through:                                        
           1. Look at the big picture.                                
                                                                      
           2. Get the data.                                           
           3. Discover and visualize the data to gain insights.       
           4. Prepare the data for Machine Learning algorithms.       
                                                                      
           5. Select a model and train it.                            
           6. Fine-tune your model.                                   
           7. Present your solution.                                  
           8. Launch, monitor, and maintain your system.              
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Working with Real Data                                      
                                                                      
          When you are learning about Machine Learning, it is best to experiment with real-
          world data, not artificial datasets. Fortunately, there are thousands of open datasets to
          choose from, ranging across all sorts of domains. Here are a few places you can look
          to get data:                                                
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          1 The example project is fictitious; the goal is to illustrate the main steps of a Machine Learning project, not to
           learn anything about the real estate business.             