                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                   The hist() method relies on Matplotlib, which in turn relies on a
                   user-specified graphical backend to draw on your screen. So before
                   you can plot anything, you need to specify which backend Matplot‐
                   lib should use. The simplest option is to use Jupyter’s magic com‐
                   mand %matplotlib inline. This tells Jupyter to set up Matplotlib
                   so it uses Jupyter’s own backend. Plots are then rendered within the
                   notebook itself. Note that calling show() is optional in a Jupyter
                   notebook, as Jupyter will automatically display plots when a cell is
                   executed.                                          
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 2-8. A histogram for each numerical attribute        
                                                                      
          There are a few things you might notice in these histograms:
                                                                      
           1. First, the median income attribute does not look like it is expressed in US dollars
            (USD). After checking with the team that collected the data, you are told that the
            data has been scaled and capped at 15 (actually, 15.0001) for higher median
            incomes, and at 0.5 (actually, 0.4999) for lower median incomes. The numbers
            represent roughly tens of thousands of dollars (e.g., 3 actually means about
            $30,000). Working with preprocessed attributes is common in Machine Learning,
                                                                      
                                                                      