                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 4-13. Polynomial Regression model predictions        
                                                                      
          Not bad: the model estimates y =0.56x 2+0.93x +1.78 when in fact the original
                                  1     1                             
          function was y=0.5x 2+1.0x +2.0+Gaussian noise.             
                      1    1                                          
          Note that when there are multiple features, Polynomial Regression is capable of find‐
          ing relationships between features (which is something a plain Linear Regression
          model cannot do). This is made possible by the fact that PolynomialFeatures also
          adds all combinations of features up to the given degree. For example, if there were
          two features a and b, PolynomialFeatures with degree=3 would not only add the
          features a2, a3, b2, and b3, but also the combinations ab, a2b, and ab2.
                   PolynomialFeatures(degree=d) transforms an array containing n
                   features into an array containing (n + d)! / d!n! features, where n! is
                   the factorial of n, equal to 1 × 2 × 3 × ⋯ × n. Beware of the combi‐
                   natorial explosion of the number of features!      
                                                                      
          Learning Curves                                             
                                                                      
          If you perform high-degree Polynomial Regression, you will likely fit the training
          data much better than with plain Linear Regression. For example, Figure 4-14 applies
          a 300-degree polynomial model to the preceding training data, and compares the
          result with a pure linear model and a quadratic model (second-degree polynomial).
          Notice how the 300-degree polynomial model wiggles around to get as close as possi‐
          ble to the training instances.                              
                                                                      
                                                                      