                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          solution to the dual problem typically gives a lower bound to the solution of the pri‐
          mal problem, but under some conditions it can have the same solution as the primal
          problem. Luckily, the SVM problem happens to meet these conditions,6 so you can
          choose to solve the primal problem or the dual problem; both will have the same sol‐
          ution. Equation 5-6 shows the dual form of the linear SVM objective (if you are inter‐
          ested in knowing how to derive the dual problem from the primal problem, see
          Appendix C).                                                
                                                                      
            Equation 5-6. Dual form of the linear SVM objective       
                                                                      
                   m  m                m                              
            minimize 1 ∑ ∑ α i α j t i t j x i⊺ x j − ∑ α i           
              α   2 i=1j=1             i=1                            
                     subject to α i ≥0 for i=1,2,⋯,m                  
          Once you find the vector α that minimizes this equation (using a QP solver), use
          Equation 5-7 to compute w and b that minimize the primal problem.
                                                                      
            Equation 5-7. From the dual solution to the primal solution
                                                                      
                m                                                     
             w= ∑ α i t i x i                                         
               i=1                                                    
                  m                                                   
             b = 1 ∑ t i −w ⊺ x i                                     
               n                                                      
                s i=1                                                 
                  i                                                   
                 α >0                                                 
          The dual problem is faster to solve than the primal one when the number of training
          instances is smaller than the number of features. More importantly, the dual problem
          makes the kernel trick possible, while the primal does not. So what is this kernel trick,
          anyway?                                                     
          Kernelized SVMs                                             
          Suppose you want to apply a second-degree polynomial transformation to a two-
          dimensional training set (such as the moons training set), then train a linear SVM
          classifier on the transformed training set. Equation 5-8 shows the second-degree pol‐
          ynomial mapping function ϕ that you want to apply.          
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          6 The objective function is convex, and the inequality constraints are continuously differentiable and convex
           functions.                                                 