                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          mented in Matlab and C++. For large-scale nonlinear problems, you may want to
          consider using neural networks instead (see Part II).       
                                                                      
          Exercises                                                   
                                                                      
           1. What is the fundamental idea behind Support Vector Machines?
                                                                      
           2. What is a support vector?                               
           3. Why is it important to scale the inputs when using SVMs?
           4. Can an SVM classifier output a confidence score when it classifies an instance?
            What about a probability?                                 
                                                                      
           5. Should you use the primal or the dual form of the SVM problem to train a model
            on a training set with millions of instances and hundreds of features?
           6. Say you’ve trained an SVM classifier with an RBF kernel, but it seems to underfit
            the training set. Should you increase or decrease γ (gamma)? What about C?
           7. How should you set the QP parameters (H, f, A, and b) to solve the soft margin
            linear SVM classifier problem using an off-the-shelf QP solver?
           8. Train a LinearSVC on a linearly separable dataset. Then train an SVC and a
            SGDClassifier on the same dataset. See if you can get them to produce roughly
            the same model.                                           
                                                                      
           9. Train an SVM classifier on the MNIST dataset. Since SVM classifiers are binary
            classifiers, you will need to use one-versus-the-rest to classify all 10 digits. You
            may want to tune the hyperparameters using small validation sets to speed up the
            process. What accuracy can you reach?                     
          10. Train an SVM regressor on the California housing dataset.
                                                                      
          Solutions to these exercises are available in Appendix A.   
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      