                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 7-12. Aggregating predictions using a blending predictor
                                                                      
          To train the blender, a common approach is to use a hold-out set.19 Let’s see how it
          works. First, the training set is split into two subsets. The first subset is used to train
          the predictors in the first layer (see Figure 7-13).        
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 7-13. Training the first layer                       
                                                                      
          Next, the first layer’s predictors are used to make predictions on the second (held-
          out) set (see Figure 7-14). This ensures that the predictions are “clean,” since the pre‐
          dictors never saw these instances during training. For each instance in the hold-out
                                                                      
                                                                      
          19 Alternatively, it is possible to use out-of-fold predictions. In some contexts this is called stacking, while using a
           hold-out set is called blending. For many people these terms are synonymous.