                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
            the number of labels available for a subsequent supervised learning algorithm,
            and thus improve its performance.                         
                                                                      
          For search engines                                          
            Some search engines let you search for images that are similar to a reference
            image. To build such a system, you would first apply a clustering algorithm to all
            the images in your database; similar images would end up in the same cluster.
            Then when a user provides a reference image, all you need to do is use the
            trained clustering model to find this image’s cluster, and you can then simply
            return all the images from this cluster.                  
          To segment an image                                         
            By clustering pixels according to their color, then replacing each pixel’s color
            with the mean color of its cluster, it is possible to considerably reduce the num‐
            ber of different colors in the image. Image segmentation is used in many object
            detection and tracking systems, as it makes it easier to detect the contour of each
            object.                                                   
          There is no universal definition of what a cluster is: it really depends on the context,
          and different algorithms will capture different kinds of clusters. Some algorithms
          look for instances centered around a particular point, called a centroid. Others look
          for continuous regions of densely packed instances: these clusters can take on any
          shape. Some algorithms are hierarchical, looking for clusters of clusters. And the list
          goes on.                                                    
                                                                      
          In this section, we will look at two popular clustering algorithms, K-Means and
          DBSCAN, and explore some of their applications, such as nonlinear dimensionality
          reduction, semi-supervised learning, and anomaly detection. 
          K-Means                                                     
                                                                      
          Consider the unlabeled dataset represented in Figure 9-2: you can clearly see five
          blobs of instances. The K-Means algorithm is a simple algorithm capable of clustering
          this kind of dataset very quickly and efficiently, often in just a few iterations. It was
          proposed by Stuart Lloyd at Bell Labs in 1957 as a technique for pulse-code modula‐
          tion, but it was only published outside of the company in 1982.1 In 1965, Edward W.
          Forgy had published virtually the same algorithm, so K-Means is sometimes referred
          to as Lloyd–Forgy.                                          
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          1 Stuart P. Lloyd, “Least Squares Quantization in PCM,” IEEE Transactions on Information Theory 28, no. 2
           (1982): 129–137.                                           