                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          (fewer parameters) than the one selected by the AIC, but tends to not fit the data
          quite as well (this is especially true for larger datasets).
                                                                      
                                                                      
                            Likelihood Function                       
           The terms “probability” and “likelihood” are often used interchangeably in the
           English language, but they have very different meanings in statistics. Given a statisti‐
           cal model with some parameters θ, the word “probability” is used to describe how
           plausible a future outcome x is (knowing the parameter values θ), while the word
           “likelihood” is used to describe how plausible a particular set of parameter values θ
           are, after the outcome x is known.                         
           Consider a 1D mixture model of two Gaussian distributions centered at –4 and +1.
           For simplicity, this toy model has a single parameter θ that controls the standard devi‐
           ations of both distributions. The top-left contour plot in Figure 9-20 shows the entire
           model f(x; θ) as a function of both x and θ. To estimate the probability distribution of
           a future outcome x, you need to set the model parameter θ. For example, if you set θ
           to 1.3 (the horizontal line), you get the probability density function f(x; θ=1.3) shown
           in the lower-left plot. Say you want to estimate the probability that x will fall between
           –2 and +2. You must calculate the integral of the PDF on this range (i.e., the surface of
           the shaded region). But what if you don’t know θ, and instead if you have observed a
           single instance x=2.5 (the vertical line in the upper-left plot)? In this case, you get the
           likelihood function ℒ(θ|x=2.5)=f(x=2.5; θ), represented in the upper-right plot.
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
           Figure 9-20. A model’s parametric function (top left), and some derived functions: a PDF
           (lower left), a likelihood function (top right), and a log likelihood function (lower right)
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      