                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 9-10. Analyzing the silhouette diagrams for various values of k
                                                                      
          The vertical dashed lines represent the silhouette score for each number of clusters.
          When most of the instances in a cluster have a lower coefficient than this score (i.e., if
          many of the instances stop short of the dashed line, ending to the left of it), then the
          cluster is rather bad since this means its instances are much too close to other clus‐
          ters. We can see that when k = 3 and when k = 6, we get bad clusters. But when k = 4
          or k = 5, the clusters look pretty good: most instances extend beyond the dashed line,
          to the right and closer to 1.0. When k = 4, the cluster at index 1 (the third from the
          top) is rather big. When k = 5, all clusters have similar sizes. So, even though the
          overall silhouette score from k = 4 is slightly greater than for k = 5, it seems like a
          good idea to use k = 5 to get clusters of similar sizes.    
          Limits of K-Means                                           
                                                                      
          Despite its many merits, most notably being fast and scalable, K-Means is not perfect.
          As we saw, it is necessary to run the algorithm several times to avoid suboptimal solu‐
          tions, plus you need to specify the number of clusters, which can be quite a hassle.
          Moreover, K-Means does not behave very well when the clusters have varying sizes,
                                                                      