                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 9-16. A graphical representation of a Gaussian mixture model, including its
          parameters (squares), random variables (circles), and their conditional dependencies
          (solid arrows)                                              
          Here is how to interpret the figure:8                       
                                                                      
           • The circles represent random variables.                  
                                                                      
           • The squares represent fixed values (i.e., parameters of the model).
           • The large rectangles are called plates. They indicate that their content is repeated
            several times.                                            
           • The number at the bottom right of each plate indicates how many times its con‐
            tent is repeated. So, there are m random variables z(i) (from z(1) to z(m)) and m
            random variables x(i). There are also k means μ(j) and k covariance matrices Σ(j).
            Lastly, there is just one weight vector ϕ (containing all the weights ϕ(1) to ϕ(k)).
           • Each variable z(i) is drawn from the categorical distribution with weights ϕ. Each
            variable x(i) is drawn from the normal distribution, with the mean and covariance
            matrix defined by its cluster z(i).                       
           • The solid arrows represent conditional dependencies. For example, the probabil‐
            ity distribution for each random variable z(i) depends on the weight vector ϕ.
            Note that when an arrow crosses a plate boundary, it means that it applies to all
            the repetitions of that plate. For example, the weight vector ϕ conditions the
            probability distributions of all the random variables x(1) to x(m).
                                                                      
           • The squiggly arrow from z(i) to x(i) represents a switch: depending on the value of
            z(i), the instance x(i) will be sampled from a different Gaussian distribution. For
            example, if z(i)=j, then xi ∼  μ j,Σ j .                  
                                                                      
                                                                      
          8 Most of these notations are standard, but a few additional notations were taken from the Wikipedia article on
           plate notation.                                            