<b>SylvainSays</b>
To make the most of this book, take the time to experiment
between each chapter, whether on your own project or by explor‐
ing the notebooks we provide. Then try rewriting those notebooks
from scratch on a new dataset. It’s only by practicing (and failing) a
lot that you will develop intuition of how to train a model.
By using the end-to-end iteration approach, you will also get a better understanding
of how much data you really need. For instance, you may find you can easily get only
200 labeled data items, and you can’t really know until you try whether that’s enough
to get the performance you need for your application to work well in practice.
In an organizational context, you will be able to show your colleagues that your idea
can work by showing them a real working prototype. We have repeatedly observed
that this is the secret to getting good organizational buy-in for a project.
Since it is easiest to get started on a project for which you already have data available,
that means it’s probably easiest to get started on a project related to something you
are already doing, because you already have data about things that you are doing. For
instance, if you work in the music business, you may have access to many recordings.
If you work as a radiologist, you probably have access to lots of medical images. If
you are interested in wildlife preservation, you may have access to lots of images of
wildlife.
Sometimes you have to get a bit creative. Maybe you can find a previous machine
learning project, such as a Kaggle competition, that is related to your field of interest.
Sometimes you have to compromise. Maybe you can’t find the exact data you need for
the precise project you have in mind; but you might be able to find something from a
similar domain, or measured in a different way, tackling a slightly different problem.
Working on these kinds of similar projects will still give you a good understanding of
the overall process, and may help you identify other shortcuts, data sources, and so
forth.
Especially when you are just starting out with deep learning, it’s not a good idea to
branch out into very different areas, to places that deep learning has not been applied
to before. That’s because if your model does not work at first, you will not know
whether it is because you have made a mistake, or if the very problem you are trying
to solve is simply not solvable with deep learning. And you won’t know where to look
to get help. Therefore, it is best at first to start by finding an example online of some‐
thing that somebody has had good results with and that is at least somewhat similar
to what you are trying to achieve, by converting your data into a format similar to
what someone else has used before (such as creating an image from your data). Let’s
have a look at the state of deep learning, just so you know what kinds of things deep
learning is good at right now.