<b>Text(naturallanguageprocessing)</b>
Computers are good at classifying both short and long documents based on cate‐
gories such as spam or not spam, sentiment (e.g., is the review positive or negative),
author, source website, and so forth. We are not aware of any rigorous work done in
this area to compare computers to humans, but anecdotally it seems to us that deep
learning performance is similar to human performance on these tasks.
Deep learning is also good at generating context-appropriate text, such as replies to
social media posts, and imitating a particular author’s style. It’s good at making this
content compelling to humans too—in fact, even more compelling than human-
generated text. However, deep learning is not good at generating <i>correct</i> responses!
We don’t have a reliable way to, for instance, combine a knowledge base of medical
information with a deep learning model for generating medically correct natural lan‐
guage responses. This is dangerous, because it is so easy to create content that appears
to a layman to be compelling, but actually is entirely incorrect.
Another concern is that context-appropriate, highly compelling responses on social
media could be used at massive scale—thousands of times greater than any troll farm
previously seen—to spread disinformation, create unrest, and encourage conflict. As
a rule of thumb, text generation models will always be technologically a bit ahead of
models for recognizing automatically generated text. For instance, it is possible to use
a model that can recognize artificially generated content to actually improve the gen‐
erator that creates that content, until the classification model is no longer able to
complete its task.
Despite these issues, deep learning has many applications in NLP: it can be used to
translate text from one language to another, summarize long documents into some‐
thing that can be digested more quickly, find all mentions of a concept of interest, and
more. Unfortunately, the translation or summary could well include completely
incorrect information! However, the performance is already good enough that many
people are using these systems—for instance, Google’s online translation system (and
every other online service we are aware of) is based on deep learning.
<b>Combiningtextandimages</b>
The ability of deep learning to combine text and images into a single model is, gener‐
ally, far better than most people intuitively expect. For example, a deep learning
model can be trained on input images with output captions written in English, and
can learn to generate surprisingly appropriate captions automatically for new images!
But again, we have the same warning that we discussed in the previous section: there
is no guarantee that these captions will be correct.
Because of this serious issue, we generally recommend that deep learning be used not
as an entirely automated process, but as part of a process in which the model and a
human user interact closely. This can potentially make humans orders of magnitude