A helpful exercise prior to rolling out a significant machine learning system is to con‐
sider this question: “What would happen if it went really, really well?” In other words,
what if the predictive power was extremely high, and its ability to influence behavior
was extremely significant? In that case, who would be most impacted? What would
the most extreme results potentially look like? How would you know what was really
going on?
Such a thought exercise might help you to construct a more careful rollout plan, with
ongoing monitoring systems and human oversight. Of course, human oversight isn’t
useful if it isn’t listened to, so make sure that reliable and resilient communication
channels exist so that the right people will be aware of issues and will have the power
to fix them.
<header><largefont><b>Get</b></largefont> <largefont><b>Writing!</b></largefont></header>
One of the things our students have found most helpful to solidify their understand‐
ing of this material is to write it down. There is no better test of your understanding
of a topic than attempting to teach it to somebody else. This is helpful even if you
never show your writing to anybody—but it’s even better if you share it! So we rec‐
ommend that, if you haven’t already, you start a blog. Now that you’ve completed this
chapter and have learned how to train and deploy models, you’re well placed to write
your first blog post about your deep learning journey. What’s surprised you? What
opportunities do you see for deep learning in your field? What obstacles do you see?
Rachel Thomas, cofounder of fast.ai, wrote in the article “Why You (Yes, You) Should
Blog”:
The top advice I would give my younger self would be to start blogging sooner. Here
are some reasons to blog:
• It’s like a resume, only better. I know of a few people who have had blog posts lead
to job offers!
• Helps you learn. Organizing knowledge always helps me synthesize my own ideas.
One of the tests of whether you understand something is whether you can explain
it to someone else. A blog post is a great way to do that.
• I’ve gotten invitations to conferences and invitations to speak from my blog posts.
I was invited to the TensorFlow Dev Summit (which was awesome!) for writing a
blog post about how I don’t like TensorFlow.
• Meet new people. I’ve met several people who have responded to blog posts I
wrote.
• Saves time. Any time you answer a question multiple times through email, you
should turn it into a blog post, which makes it easier for you to share the next
time someone asks.
Perhaps her most important tip is this: