From time to time, you will hear directly from us in sidebars, like this one from
Jeremy:
<b>JeremySays</b>
Hi, everybody; I’m Jeremy! You might be interested to know that I
do not have any formal technical education. I completed a BA with
a major in philosophy, and didn’t have great grades. I was much
more interested in doing real projects than theoretical studies, so I
worked full time at a management consulting firm called McKinsey
and Company throughout my university years. If you’re somebody
who would rather get their hands dirty building stuff than spend
years learning abstract concepts, you will understand where I am
coming from! Look out for sidebars from me to find information
most suited to people with a less mathematical or formal technical
background—that is, people like me…
Sylvain, on the other hand, knows a lot about formal technical education. He has
written 10 math textbooks, covering the entire advanced French math curriculum!
<b>SylvainSays</b>
Unlike Jeremy, I have not spent many years coding and applying
machine learning algorithms. Rather, I recently came to the
machine learning world by watching Jeremy’s fast.ai course videos.
So, if you are somebody who has not opened a terminal and writ‐
ten commands at the command line, you will understand where I
am coming from! Look out for sidebars from me to find informa‐
tion most suited to people with a more mathematical or formal
technical background, but less real-world coding experience—that
is, people like me…
The fast.ai course has been studied by hundreds of thousands of students, from all
walks of life, from all parts of the world. Sylvain stood out as the most impressive stu‐
dent of the course that Jeremy had ever seen, which led to him joining fast.ai and then
becoming the coauthor, along with Jeremy, of the fastai software library.
All this means that between us, you have the best of both worlds: the people who
know more about the software than anybody else, because they wrote it; an expert on
math, and an expert on coding and machine learning; and also people who under‐
stand both what it feels like to be a relative outsider in math, and a relative outsider in
coding and machine learning.
Anybody who has watched sports knows that if you have a two-person commentary
team, you also need a third person to do “special comments.” Our special