                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
            doubled about every 2 years over the last 50 years), but also thanks to the gaming
            industry, which has stimulated the production of powerful GPU cards by the mil‐
            lions. Moreover, cloud platforms have made this power accessible to everyone.
                                                                      
           • The training algorithms have been improved. To be fair they are only slightly dif‐
            ferent from the ones used in the 1990s, but these relatively small tweaks have had
            a huge positive impact.                                   
           • Some theoretical limitations of ANNs have turned out to be benign in practice.
            For example, many people thought that ANN training algorithms were doomed
            because they were likely to get stuck in local optima, but it turns out that this is
            rather rare in practice (and when it is the case, they are usually fairly close to the
            global optimum).                                          
           • ANNs seem to have entered a virtuous circle of funding and progress. Amazing
            products based on ANNs regularly make the headline news, which pulls more
            and more attention and funding toward them, resulting in more and more pro‐
            gress and even more amazing products.                     
                                                                      
          Biological Neurons                                          
                                                                      
          Before we discuss artificial neurons, let’s take a quick look at a biological neuron (rep‐
          resented in Figure 10-1). It is an unusual-looking cell mostly found in animal brains.
          It’s composed of a cell body containing the nucleus and most of the cell’s complex
          components, many branching extensions called dendrites, plus one very long exten‐
          sion called the axon. The axon’s length may be just a few times longer than the cell
          body, or up to tens of thousands of times longer. Near its extremity the axon splits off
          into many branches called telodendria, and at the tip of these branches are minuscule
          structures called synaptic terminals (or simply synapses), which are connected to the
          dendrites or cell bodies of other neurons.3 Biological neurons produce short electrical
          impulses called action potentials (APs, or just signals) which travel along the axons
          and make the synapses release chemical signals called neurotransmitters. When a neu‐
          ron receives a sufficient amount of these neurotransmitters within a few milliseconds,
          it fires its own electrical impulses (actually, it depends on the neurotransmitters, as
          some of them inhibit the neuron from firing).               
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          3 They are not actually attached, just so close that they can very quickly exchange chemical signals.