                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                  CHAPTER 10          
                                                                      
            Introduction   to Artificial Neural  Networks             
                                                                      
                                               with  Keras            
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Birds inspired us to fly, burdock plants inspired Velcro, and nature has inspired
          countless more inventions. It seems only logical, then, to look at the brain’s architec‐
          ture for inspiration on how to build an intelligent machine. This is the logic that
          sparked artificial neural networks (ANNs): an ANN is a Machine Learning model
          inspired by the networks of biological neurons found in our brains. However,
          although planes were inspired by birds, they don’t have to flap their wings. Similarly,
          ANNs have gradually become quite different from their biological cousins. Some
          researchers even argue that we should drop the biological analogy altogether (e.g., by
          saying “units” rather than “neurons”), lest we restrict our creativity to biologically
          plausible systems.1                                         
          ANNs are at the very core of Deep Learning. They are versatile, powerful, and scala‐
          ble, making them ideal to tackle large and highly complex Machine Learning tasks
          such as classifying billions of images (e.g., Google Images), powering speech recogni‐
          tion services (e.g., Apple’s Siri), recommending the best videos to watch to hundreds
          of millions of users every day (e.g., YouTube), or learning to beat the world champion
          at the game of Go (DeepMind’s AlphaGo).                     
          The first part of this chapter introduces artificial neural networks, starting with a
          quick tour of the very first ANN architectures and leading up to Multilayer Percep‐
          trons (MLPs), which are heavily used today (other architectures will be explored in
          the next chapters). In the second part, we will look at how to implement neural net‐
          works using the popular Keras API. This is a beautifully designed and simple high-
                                                                      
                                                                      
          1 You can get the best of both worlds by being open to biological inspirations without being afraid to create
           biologically unrealistic models, as long as they work well.