                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Convolutional Layers                                        
                                                                      
          The most important building block of a CNN is the convolutional layer:6 neurons in
          the first convolutional layer are not connected to every single pixel in the input image
          (like they were in the layers discussed in previous chapters), but only to pixels in their
          receptive fields (see Figure 14-2). In turn, each neuron in the second convolutional
          layer is connected only to neurons located within a small rectangle in the first layer.
          This architecture allows the network to concentrate on small low-level features in the
          first hidden layer, then assemble them into larger higher-level features in the next
          hidden layer, and so on. This hierarchical structure is common in real-world images,
          which is one of the reasons why CNNs work so well for image recognition.
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 14-2. CNN layers with rectangular local receptive fields
                                                                      
                   All the multilayer neural networks we’ve looked at so far had layers
                   composed of a long line of neurons, and we had to flatten input
                   images to 1D before feeding them to the neural network. In a CNN
                   each layer is represented in 2D, which makes it easier to match
                   neurons with their corresponding inputs.           
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          6 A convolution is a mathematical operation that slides one function over another and measures the integral of
           their pointwise multiplication. It has deep connections with the Fourier transform and the Laplace transform
           and is heavily used in signal processing. Convolutional layers actually use cross-correlations, which are very
           similar to convolutions (see https://homl.info/76 for more details).