                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 19-7. Creating a new service account in Google IAM   
                                                                      
          Great! Now let’s write a small script that will query the prediction service. Google
          provides several libraries to simplify access to its services:
          Google API Client Library                                   
            This is a fairly thin layer on top of OAuth 2.0 (for the authentication) and REST.
            You can use it with all GCP services, including AI Platform. You can install it
            using pip: the library is called google-api-python-client.
                                                                      
          Google Cloud Client Libraries                               
            These are a bit more high-level: each one is dedicated to a particular service, such
            as GCS, Google BigQuery, Google Cloud Natural Language, and Google Cloud
            Vision. All these libraries can be installed using pip (e.g., the GCS Client Library
            is called google-cloud-storage). When a client library is available for a given
            service, it is recommended to use it rather than the Google API Client Library, as
            it implements all the best practices and will often use gRPC rather than REST, for
            better performance.                                       
          At the time of this writing there is no client library for AI Platform, so we will use the
          Google API Client Library. It will need to use the service account’s private key; you
          can tell it where it is by setting the GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS environment
          variable, either before starting the script or within the script like this:
            import os                                                 
                                                                      
            os.environ["GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS"] = "my_service_account_key.json"