                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Batch learning                                              
                                                                      
          In batch learning, the system is incapable of learning incrementally: it must be trained
          using all the available data. This will generally take a lot of time and computing
          resources, so it is typically done offline. First the system is trained, and then it is
          launched into production and runs without learning anymore; it just applies what it
          has learned. This is called offline learning.               
          If you want a batch learning system to know about new data (such as a new type of
          spam), you need to train a new version of the system from scratch on the full dataset
          (not just the new data, but also the old data), then stop the old system and replace it
          with the new one.                                           
          Fortunately, the whole process of training, evaluating, and launching a Machine
          Learning system can be automated fairly easily (as shown in Figure 1-3), so even a
          batch learning system can adapt to change. Simply update the data and train a new
          version of the system from scratch as often as needed.      
                                                                      
          This solution is simple and often works fine, but training using the full set of data can
          take many hours, so you would typically train a new system only every 24 hours or
          even just weekly. If your system needs to adapt to rapidly changing data (e.g., to pre‐
          dict stock prices), then you need a more reactive solution. 
          Also, training on the full set of data requires a lot of computing resources (CPU,
          memory space, disk space, disk I/O, network I/O, etc.). If you have a lot of data and
          you automate your system to train from scratch every day, it will end up costing you a
          lot of money. If the amount of data is huge, it may even be impossible to use a batch
          learning algorithm.                                         
          Finally, if your system needs to be able to learn autonomously and it has limited
          resources (e.g., a smartphone application or a rover on Mars), then carrying around
          large amounts of training data and taking up a lot of resources to train for hours
          every day is a showstopper.                                 
                                                                      
          Fortunately, a better option in all these cases is to use algorithms that are capable of
          learning incrementally.                                     
          Online learning                                             
                                                                      
          In online learning, you train the system incrementally by feeding it data instances
          sequentially, either individually or in small groups called mini-batches. Each learning
          step is fast and cheap, so the system can learn about new data on the fly, as it arrives
          (see Figure 1-13).                                          
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      