                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Reinforcement Learning                                      
                                                                      
          Reinforcement Learning is a very different beast. The learning system, called an agent
          in this context, can observe the environment, select and perform actions, and get
          rewards in return (or penalties in the form of negative rewards, as shown in
          Figure 1-12). It must then learn by itself what is the best strategy, called a policy, to get
          the most reward over time. A policy defines what action the agent should choose
          when it is in a given situation.                            
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 1-12. Reinforcement Learning                         
                                                                      
          For example, many robots implement Reinforcement Learning algorithms to learn
          how to walk. DeepMind’s AlphaGo program is also a good example of Reinforcement
          Learning: it made the headlines in May 2017 when it beat the world champion Ke Jie
          at the game of Go. It learned its winning policy by analyzing millions of games, and
          then playing many games against itself. Note that learning was turned off during the
          games against the champion; AlphaGo was just applying the policy it had learned.
          Batch and Online Learning                                   
                                                                      
          Another criterion used to classify Machine Learning systems is whether or not the
          system can learn incrementally from a stream of incoming data.
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      