                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          attributes. For example, suppose you own a supermarket. Running an association rule
          on your sales logs may reveal that people who purchase barbecue sauce and potato
          chips also tend to buy steak. Thus, you may want to place these items close to one
          another.                                                    
                                                                      
          Semisupervised learning                                     
          Since labeling data is usually time-consuming and costly, you will often have plenty of
          unlabeled instances, and few labeled instances. Some algorithms can deal with data
          that’s partially labeled. This is called semisupervised learning (Figure 1-11).
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 1-11. Semisupervised learning with two classes (triangles and squares): the unla‐
          beled examples (circles) help classify a new instance (the cross) into the triangle class
          rather than the square class, even though it is closer to the labeled squares
                                                                      
          Some photo-hosting services, such as Google Photos, are good examples of this. Once
          you upload all your family photos to the service, it automatically recognizes that the
          same person A shows up in photos 1, 5, and 11, while another person B shows up in
          photos 2, 5, and 7. This is the unsupervised part of the algorithm (clustering). Now all
          the system needs is for you to tell it who these people are. Just add one label per per‐
          son4 and it is able to name everyone in every photo, which is useful for searching
          photos.                                                     
          Most semisupervised learning algorithms are combinations of unsupervised and
          supervised algorithms. For example, deep belief networks (DBNs) are based on unsu‐
          pervised components called restricted Boltzmann machines (RBMs) stacked on top of
          one another. RBMs are trained sequentially in an unsupervised manner, and then the
          whole system is fine-tuned using supervised learning techniques.
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          4 That’s when the system works perfectly. In practice it often creates a few clusters per person, and sometimes
           mixes up two people who look alike, so you may need to provide a few labels per person and manually clean
           up some clusters.                                          