                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                parameter. It returns the transformed dataset. This transformation generally
                relies on the learned parameters, as is the case for an imputer. All transform‐
                ers also have a convenience method called fit_transform() that is equiva‐
                lent to calling fit() and then transform() (but sometimes
                fit_transform() is optimized and runs much faster).   
                                                                      
              Predictors                                              
                Finally, some estimators, given a dataset, are capable of making predictions;
                they are called predictors. For example, the LinearRegression model in the
                previous chapter was a predictor: given a country’s GDP per capita, it pre‐
                dicted life satisfaction. A predictor has a predict() method that takes a
                dataset of new instances and returns a dataset of corresponding predictions.
                It also has a score() method that measures the quality of the predictions,
                given a test set (and the corresponding labels, in the case of supervised learn‐
                ing algorithms).18                                    
           Inspection                                                 
              All the estimator’s hyperparameters are accessible directly via public instance
              variables (e.g., imputer.strategy), and all the estimator’s learned parameters are
              accessible via public instance variables with an underscore suffix (e.g.,
              imputer.statistics_).                                   
           Nonproliferation of classes                                
              Datasets are represented as NumPy arrays or SciPy sparse matrices, instead of
              homemade classes. Hyperparameters are just regular Python strings or numbers.
           Composition                                                
              Existing building blocks are reused as much as possible. For example, it is easy to
              create a Pipeline estimator from an arbitrary sequence of transformers followed
              by a final estimator, as we will see.                   
           Sensible defaults                                          
              Scikit-Learn provides reasonable default values for most parameters, making it
              easy to quickly create a baseline working system.       
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Handling Text and Categorical Attributes                    
                                                                      
          So far we have only dealt with numerical attributes, but now let’s look at text
          attributes. In this dataset, there is just one: the ocean_proximity attribute. Let’s look
          at its value for the first 10 instances:                    
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          18 Some predictors also provide methods to measure the confidence of their predictions.