                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 4-14. High-degree Polynomial Regression              
                                                                      
          This high-degree Polynomial Regression model is severely overfitting the training
          data, while the linear model is underfitting it. The model that will generalize best in
          this case is the quadratic model, which makes sense because the data was generated
          using a quadratic model. But in general you won’t know what function generated the
          data, so how can you decide how complex your model should be? How can you tell
          that your model is overfitting or underfitting the data?    
          In Chapter 2 you used cross-validation to get an estimate of a model’s generalization
          performance. If a model performs well on the training data but generalizes poorly
          according to the cross-validation metrics, then your model is overfitting. If it per‐
          forms poorly on both, then it is underfitting. This is one way to tell when a model is
          too simple or too complex.                                  
          Another way to tell is to look at the learning curves: these are plots of the model’s per‐
          formance on the training set and the validation set as a function of the training set
          size (or the training iteration). To generate the plots, train the model several times on
          different sized subsets of the training set. The following code defines a function that,
          given some training data, plots the learning curves of a model:
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      