                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          The MSE of a Linear Regression hypothesis h on a training set X is calculated using
                                     θ                                
          Equation 4-3.                                               
            Equation 4-3. MSE cost function for a Linear Regression model
                                                                      
                      m                                               
            MSE X,h = 1 ∑ θ ⊺ x i −y i 2                              
                 θ  m                                                 
                     i=1                                              
          Most of these notations were presented in Chapter 2 (see “Notations” on page 40).
          The only difference is that we write h instead of just h to make it clear that the model
                               θ                                      
          is parametrized by the vector θ. To simplify notations, we will just write MSE(θ)
          instead of MSE(X, h ).                                      
                      θ                                               
          The Normal Equation                                         
          To find the value of θ that minimizes the cost function, there is a closed-form solution
          —in other words, a mathematical equation that gives the result directly. This is called
          the Normal Equation (Equation 4-4).                         
            Equation 4-4. Normal Equation                             
                ⊺ −1 ⊺                                                
            θ = X X X  y                                              
          In this equation:                                           
                                                                      
           • θ is the value of θ that minimizes the cost function.    
           • y is the vector of target values containing y(1) to y(m).
                                                                      
          Let’s generate some linear-looking data to test this equation on (Figure 4-1):
            import numpy as np                                        
                                                                      
            X = 2 * np.random.rand(100, 1)                            
            y = 4 + 3 * X + np.random.randn(100, 1)                   
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      