                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Just like the Logistic Regression classifier, the Softmax Regression classifier predicts
          the class with the highest estimated probability (which is simply the class with the
          highest score), as shown in Equation 4-21.                  
                                                                      
            Equation 4-21. Softmax Regression classifier prediction   
                                                                      
                                          k ⊺                         
            y = argmax σ s x = argmax s x = argmax θ x                
                       k       k                                      
                 k          k        k                                
          The argmax operator returns the value of a variable that maximizes a function. In this
          equation, it returns the value of k that maximizes the estimated probability σ(s(x)).
                                                         k            
                   The Softmax Regression classifier predicts only one class at a time
                   (i.e., it is multiclass, not multioutput), so it should be used only
                   with mutually exclusive classes, such as different types of plants.
                   You cannot use it to recognize multiple people in one picture.
          Now that you know how the model estimates probabilities and makes predictions,
          let’s take a look at training. The objective is to have a model that estimates a high
          probability for the target class (and consequently a low probability for the other
          classes). Minimizing the cost function shown in Equation 4-22, called the cross
          entropy, should lead to this objective because it penalizes the model when it estimates
          a low probability for a target class. Cross entropy is frequently used to measure how
          well a set of estimated class probabilities matches the target classes.
                                                                      
            Equation 4-22. Cross entropy cost function                
                 1 m  K   i   i                                       
            J Θ =− ∑ ∑   y log p                                      
                 m i=1 k=1 k k                                        
          In this equation:                                           
           • yi is the target probability that the ith instance belongs to class k. In general, it is
             k                                                        
            either equal to 1 or 0, depending on whether the instance belongs to the class or
            not.                                                      
          Notice that when there are just two classes (K = 2), this cost function is equivalent to
          the Logistic Regression’s cost function (log loss; see Equation 4-17).
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      