                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          rate is not too large and you wait long enough). The partial derivatives of the cost
          function with regard to the jth model parameter θ are given by Equation 4-18.
                                      j                               
            Equation 4-18. Logistic cost function partial derivatives 
                                                                      
                    m                                                 
             ∂ J θ = 1 ∑ σ θ ⊺ x i −y i x i                           
            ∂θ    m            j                                      
              j    i=1                                                
          This equation looks very much like Equation 4-5: for each instance it computes the
          prediction error and multiplies it by the jth feature value, and then it computes the
          average over all training instances. Once you have the gradient vector containing all
          the partial derivatives, you can use it in the Batch Gradient Descent algorithm. That’s
          it: you now know how to train a Logistic Regression model. For Stochastic GD you
          would take one instance at a time, and for Mini-batch GD you would use a mini-
          batch at a time.                                            
          Decision Boundaries                                         
          Let’s use the iris dataset to illustrate Logistic Regression. This is a famous dataset that
          contains the sepal and petal length and width of 150 iris flowers of three different
          species: Iris setosa, Iris versicolor, and Iris virginica (see Figure 4-22).
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 4-22. Flowers of three iris plant species14          
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          14 Photos reproduced from the corresponding Wikipedia pages. Iris virginica photo by Frank Mayfield (Creative
           Commons BY-SA 2.0), Iris versicolor photo by D. Gordon E. Robertson (Creative Commons BY-SA 3.0), Iris
           setosa photo public domain.                                