                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Isomap                                                      
            Creates a graph by connecting each instance to its nearest neighbors, then
            reduces dimensionality while trying to preserve the geodesic distances9 between
            the instances.                                            
                                                                      
          t-Distributed Stochastic Neighbor Embedding (t-SNE)         
            Reduces dimensionality while trying to keep similar instances close and dissimi‐
            lar instances apart. It is mostly used for visualization, in particular to visualize
            clusters of instances in high-dimensional space (e.g., to visualize the MNIST
            images in 2D).                                            
          Linear Discriminant Analysis (LDA)                          
            Is a classification algorithm, but during training it learns the most discriminative
            axes between the classes, and these axes can then be used to define a hyperplane
            onto which to project the data. The benefit of this approach is that the projection
            will keep classes as far apart as possible, so LDA is a good technique to reduce
            dimensionality before running another classification algorithm such as an SVM
            classifier.                                               
          Figure 8-13 shows the results of a few of these techniques. 
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 8-13. Using various techniques to reduce the Swill roll to 2D
                                                                      
          Exercises                                                   
                                                                      
           1. What are the main motivations for reducing a dataset’s dimensionality? What are
            the main drawbacks?                                       
           2. What is the curse of dimensionality?                    
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          9 The geodesic distance between two nodes in a graph is the number of nodes on the shortest path between
           these nodes.                                               