                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          different densities, or nonspherical shapes. For example, Figure 9-11 shows how K-
          Means clusters a dataset containing three ellipsoidal clusters of different dimensions,
          densities, and orientations.                                
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 9-11. K-Means fails to cluster these ellipsoidal blobs properly
                                                                      
          As you can see, neither of these solutions is any good. The solution on the left is bet‐
          ter, but it still chops off 25% of the middle cluster and assigns it to the cluster on the
          right. The solution on the right is just terrible, even though its inertia is lower. So,
          depending on the data, different clustering algorithms may perform better. On these
          types of elliptical clusters, Gaussian mixture models work great.
                                                                      
                   It is important to scale the input features before you run K-Means,
                   or the clusters may be very stretched and K-Means will perform
                   poorly. Scaling the features does not guarantee that all the clusters
                   will be nice and spherical, but it generally improves things.
                                                                      
          Now let’s look at a few ways we can benefit from clustering. We will use K-Means, but
          feel free to experiment with other clustering algorithms.   
          Using Clustering for Image Segmentation                     
                                                                      
          Image segmentation is the task of partitioning an image into multiple segments. In
          semantic segmentation, all pixels that are part of the same object type get assigned to
          the same segment. For example, in a self-driving car’s vision system, all pixels that are
          part of a pedestrian’s image might be assigned to the “pedestrian” segment (there
          would be one segment containing all the pedestrians). In instance segmentation, all
          pixels that are part of the same individual object are assigned to the same segment. In
          this case there would be a different segment for each pedestrian. The state of the art
          in semantic or instance segmentation today is achieved using complex architectures
          based on convolutional neural networks (see Chapter 14). Here, we are going to do
          something much simpler: color segmentation. We will simply assign pixels to the same
          segment if they have a similar color. In some applications, this may be sufficient. For
                                                                      