                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                   CHAPTER 9          
                                                                      
                    Unsupervised    Learning   Techniques             
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Although most of the applications of Machine Learning today are based on super‐
          vised learning (and as a result, this is where most of the investments go to), the vast
          majority of the available data is unlabeled: we have the input features X, but we do
          not have the labels y. The computer scientist Yann LeCun famously said that “if intel‐
          ligence was a cake, unsupervised learning would be the cake, supervised learning
          would be the icing on the cake, and reinforcement learning would be the cherry on
          the cake.” In other words, there is a huge potential in unsupervised learning that we
          have only barely started to sink our teeth into.            
          Say you want to create a system that will take a few pictures of each item on a manu‐
          facturing production line and detect which items are defective. You can fairly easily
          create a system that will take pictures automatically, and this might give you thou‐
          sands of pictures every day. You can then build a reasonably large dataset in just a few
          weeks. But wait, there are no labels! If you want to train a regular binary classifier that
          will predict whether an item is defective or not, you will need to label every single
          picture as “defective” or “normal.” This will generally require human experts to sit
          down and manually go through all the pictures. This is a long, costly, and tedious
          task, so it will usually only be done on a small subset of the available pictures. As a
          result, the labeled dataset will be quite small, and the classifier’s performance will be
          disappointing. Moreover, every time the company makes any change to its products,
          the whole process will need to be started over from scratch. Wouldn’t it be great if the
          algorithm could just exploit the unlabeled data without needing humans to label
          every picture? Enter unsupervised learning.                 
          In Chapter 8 we looked at the most common unsupervised learning task: dimension‐
          ality reduction. In this chapter we will look at a few more unsupervised learning tasks
          and algorithms:                                             
                                                                      
                                                                      