                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          If the dataset does not fit in memory, the simplest option is to use the memmap class, as
          we did for incremental PCA in Chapter 8. Alternatively, you can pass one mini-batch
          at a time to the partial_fit() method, but this will require much more work, since
          you will need to perform multiple initializations and select the best one yourself (see
          the mini-batch K-Means section of the notebook for an example).
                                                                      
          Although the Mini-batch K-Means algorithm is much faster than the regular K-
          Means algorithm, its inertia is generally slightly worse, especially as the number of
          clusters increases. You can see this in Figure 9-6: the plot on the left compares the
          inertias of Mini-batch K-Means and regular K-Means models trained on the previous
          dataset using various numbers of clusters k. The difference between the two curves
          remains fairly constant, but this difference becomes more and more significant as k
          increases, since the inertia becomes smaller and smaller. In the plot on the right, you
          can see that Mini-batch K-Means is much faster than regular K-Means, and this dif‐
          ference increases with k.                                   
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 9-6. Mini-batch K-Means has a higher inertia than K-Means (left) but it is much
          faster (right), especially as k increases                   
                                                                      
          Finding the optimal number of clusters                      
          So far, we have set the number of clusters k to 5 because it was obvious by looking at
          the data that this was the correct number of clusters. But in general, it will not be so
          easy to know how to set k, and the result might be quite bad if you set it to the wrong
          value. As you can see in Figure 9-7, setting k to 3 or 8 results in fairly bad models.
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      