                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          instance’s silhouette coefficient is equal to (b – a) / max(a, b), where a is the mean
          distance to the other instances in the same cluster (i.e., the mean intra-cluster dis‐
          tance) and b is the mean nearest-cluster distance (i.e., the mean distance to the
          instances of the next closest cluster, defined as the one that minimizes b, excluding
          the instance’s own cluster). The silhouette coefficient can vary between –1 and +1. A
          coefficient close to +1 means that the instance is well inside its own cluster and far
          from other clusters, while a coefficient close to 0 means that it is close to a cluster
          boundary, and finally a coefficient close to –1 means that the instance may have been
          assigned to the wrong cluster.                              
                                                                      
          To compute the silhouette score, you can use Scikit-Learn’s silhouette_score()
          function, giving it all the instances in the dataset and the labels they were assigned:
            >>> from sklearn.metrics import silhouette_score          
            >>> silhouette_score(X, kmeans.labels_)                   
            0.655517642572828                                         
          Let’s compare the silhouette scores for different numbers of clusters (see Figure 9-9).
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 9-9. Selecting the number of clusters k using the silhouette score
                                                                      
          As you can see, this visualization is much richer than the previous one: although it
          confirms that k = 4 is a very good choice, it also underlines the fact that k = 5 is quite
          good as well, and much better than k = 6 or 7. This was not visible when comparing
          inertias.                                                   
          An even more informative visualization is obtained when you plot every instance’s
          silhouette coefficient, sorted by the cluster they are assigned to and by the value of the
          coefficient. This is called a silhouette diagram (see Figure 9-10). Each diagram con‐
          tains one knife shape per cluster. The shape’s height indicates the number of instances
          the cluster contains, and its width represents the sorted silhouette coefficients of the
          instances in the cluster (wider is better). The dashed line indicates the mean silhou‐
          ette coefficient.                                           
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      