                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Anomaly Detection Using Gaussian Mixtures                   
                                                                      
          Anomaly detection (also called outlier detection) is the task of detecting instances that
          deviate strongly from the norm. These instances are called anomalies, or outliers,
          while the normal instances are called inliers. Anomaly detection is useful in a wide
          variety of applications, such as fraud detection, detecting defective products in manu‐
          facturing, or removing outliers from a dataset before training another model (which
          can significantly improve the performance of the resulting model).
          Using a Gaussian mixture model for anomaly detection is quite simple: any instance
          located in a low-density region can be considered an anomaly. You must define what
          density threshold you want to use. For example, in a manufacturing company that
          tries to detect defective products, the ratio of defective products is usually well
          known. Say it is equal to 4%. You then set the density threshold to be the value that
          results in having 4% of the instances located in areas below that threshold density. If
          you notice that you get too many false positives (i.e., perfectly good products that are
          flagged as defective), you can lower the threshold. Conversely, if you have too many
          false negatives (i.e., defective products that the system does not flag as defective), you
          can increase the threshold. This is the usual precision/recall trade-off (see Chapter 3).
          Here is how you would identify the outliers using the fourth percentile lowest density
          as the threshold (i.e., approximately 4% of the instances will be flagged as anomalies):
            densities = gm.score_samples(X)                           
            density_threshold = np.percentile(densities, 4)           
            anomalies = X[densities < density_threshold]              
          Figure 9-19 represents these anomalies as stars.            
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 9-19. Anomaly detection using a Gaussian mixture model
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      