                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
                                                                      
          Figure 9-1. Classification (left) versus clustering (right) 
                                                                      
          Clustering is used in a wide variety of applications, including these:
          For customer segmentation                                   
            You can cluster your customers based on their purchases and their activity on
            your website. This is useful to understand who your customers are and what they
            need, so you can adapt your products and marketing campaigns to each segment.
            For example, customer segmentation can be useful in recommender systems to
            suggest content that other users in the same cluster enjoyed.
                                                                      
          For data analysis                                           
            When you analyze a new dataset, it can be helpful to run a clustering algorithm,
            and then analyze each cluster separately.                 
          As a dimensionality reduction technique                     
            Once a dataset has been clustered, it is usually possible to measure each instance’s
            affinity with each cluster (affinity is any measure of how well an instance fits into
            a cluster). Each instance’s feature vector x can then be replaced with the vector of
            its cluster affinities. If there are k clusters, then this vector is k-dimensional. This
            vector is typically much lower-dimensional than the original feature vector, but it
            can preserve enough information for further processing.   
                                                                      
          For anomaly detection (also called outlier detection)       
            Any instance that has a low affinity to all the clusters is likely to be an anomaly.
            For example, if you have clustered the users of your website based on their
            behavior, you can detect users with unusual behavior, such as an unusual number
            of requests per second. Anomaly detection is particularly useful in detecting
            defects in manufacturing, or for fraud detection.         
          For semi-supervised learning                                
            If you only have a few labels, you could perform clustering and propagate the
            labels to all the instances in the same cluster. This technique can greatly increase
                                                                      